Speaker 1 00:00:00
Okay, so if I were to try to articulate, like, my issues with Zoe, Z-O, Zoe, it would be that, one, I have very long agenda sort of runs, and so, obviously, I encounter a lot of errors along the way, and a lot of stalling behavior, um, and that's a little, a little unfortunate.
Speaker 1 00:00:32
Um, I also encounter a lot of, um, you know, one persistent issue is the AI not understanding that it can run things itself, right? That it can, um, you know, effectively... It itself can process things and run it through its system and like sort of directly generate information. It forgets that. It always asks for an external API or something along those lines. But I know it's possible to do that, because I've done it.
Speaker 1 00:01:13
So yeah, hopefully that's not behavior that they don't want me to know about. But that's sort of like what the goal of that is, as opposed to running an external API, right? I just want Zoe to run everything on top of that. Yeah, I think that is fair.
Speaker 1 00:01:48
i think that is super fair um yeah i mean stalling behavior i think file generation, i think maybe another thing i need to just ask him is like hey how do i um you know, how do i effectively um like how do i learn how to.
Speaker 1 00:02:22
not learn how to code but where would say someone with my particular sort of, like uh propensity should start and what are small ways in which i can start diving into the code, and like taking a look at things and like figuring out hey what what is going on like i need to start looking at the underlying code i recognize that um and so yeah i can't prototype as quickly but that's fine because i can certainly um yeah i don't need to prototyping quickly i need to be.
Speaker 1 00:02:55
prototyping effectively right and building something that is resilient um and so i can do that over the weekends um and then during the weekdays i do Careerspan and what i build on the weekends helps me on the weekday and what i do on the weekday helps me on the weekend.
Speaker 1 00:04:07
Proceed as outlined. This seems like a decent plan to tackle things. Get it squared away. Yeah, dropped connections. What else? Trying to think of start to finish.
Speaker 1 00:04:39
Oh man, okay. Generate the blocks manually first.
Speaker 1 00:07:16
um what else so i think one would be like rules ways to leverage the rules section, um sort of thoughts i guess getting a sense of like whether i should persist with my current persona structure or whether because okay the point of all this is i get a chance to like talk to the builder of Zo right so i these are questions i would ask based on these pain points ah