Meeting Title: V's Zo pitch
Calendar Event ID:
Attendee Emails: 
Creator Email:vrijen@mycareerspan.com 


@VA.ZO IMPORTANT CAVEAT: GRANOLA TREATS ALL EXTERNAL SPEAKERS AS THEY; INFER BASED ON CONTEXT WHO IS SPEAKING OR ADDRESSED TO PROPERLY ATTRIBUTE SPEAKERS


Transcript:
 
Them: Kind of last minute. But I had mentioned this on our previous call, like, what, maybe two weeks ago, that he's been playing around with this kind of AI computer, and I think we all have. A level of I'm like here when it comes to overwhelm with tools. And so I assume everybody else is there with me. So this is not, I think, just another in my mind, at least what he's shown me before and what I know of the company. It's not just another, not just another tool, but it's kind of an interesting way to think about knowledge management, essentially. So that's why I wanted to bring him in, because I thought it was interesting not just as a tool kind of showcase, but also as a systems thinking approach to using AI kind of in work. So V that's a real grand promise that I've just levied in front of you.  
Me: Oh, man. Yeah, I know. Yeah. I really hope it isn't one of those memes where they start playing the sad music afterwards in the little trumpet.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, it's gonna be nice.  
Me: No, I'm really excited for this. As I said to you guys, been bugging Logan Law about this AI stuff. We've been bugging each other, frankly. But more recently, my line of bugging has involved Zoe, which is a very cool tool. It's built by a team out of Brooklyn.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: They are, I believe, a six person startup, light speed backed. More importantly, it's two really great founders that have a belief for consumer products, specifically consumer AI products that actually do what we want them to do, not sort of what the company wants us to do, which is a little bit of an abstract thing, until you realize and that's the basis of the talk we're doing on Monday or sorry, Wednesday. Logan is actually like, why do AI apps so often let us down and feel more overwhelming than not? My belief is that it's because we are used to a store and capture or sorry, capture and store paradigm when it comes to information, as opposed to a sort of like, filter and synthesize, which is in the age of AI. With 10 times as much data and information, you are essentially 10 times as overwhelmed at all times. And I've spoken to a lot of founders and VCs recently that have essentially said, hey, things like slip through the cracks. It's sort of constant. I don't know what to be doing at any given point of the day. And you just generally feel like you should be achieving a lot and actually are achieving very little. So all of this hopefully resonates. And so the cool thing about Zoe is it may not be the answer to your problems. And it may not be the answer yet, but I think it's a very cool model for what computing could or should be like in a more sort of prosumer way. So one thing I'll start off with, or I'll bring this example up later today, because Gabby actually asked why can I request sharing? Gabby actually asked why Zoe uses markdown files, but you'll see in a second that it's.  
Them: Yeah, yeah.  
Me: Both familiar and strange as a layout. Right. So this is like Zoe in the middle of it. It looks sort of like a software engineer's tool. He's got the different panels and stuff. Let me actually put it in, whoops, light mode, so it's a little bit more legible and zoomed in. Because no one here.  
Them: Thank you.  
Me: Is. There we go.  
Them: Just as a quick aside.  
Me: Oh, God.  
Them: If you ever see Vrijen in person, ask to see his phone, because just looking at his phone screen and how small the font is, it's literally you need a magnifying glass to look at. No joke.  
Me: It's a problem. It's font for ads, as they say. But effectively, this is the layout for Zel. Now, what may seem a lot more familiar is actually just take. Out. It's just this layout, right, which is very chat GPT and you've got conversations to side and that is fundamentally it. Except what's different is you also have a file system, right? Now, this is different. You're used to probably projects in chat GPT projects are not the same as a file. System. Right. You can think of project as sort of a pit. Dump everything in the pit, and you hope that when it pulls stuff out of the pit, it's sort of good. And it's roughly in the same shape. Right. And that is great in a lot of use cases, but it's also very limiting. Right. It also means that you have to strictly divide up your life into these containers. These containers of information don't sync with each other. And something that maybe you guys are familiar with is like, oh, my Claude is out of date all of a sudden. This thing I rely on I can no longer use because it still doesn't have the last month's worth of meeting intelligence, insights, decisions. It doesn't have any of that in it. Right. And so the idea is that information grows stale in the way that we have sort of had chatbots forced onto us. And the cool thing about Zoe is you could actually create a file structure and have Zoe reference that file structure a lot more reliably. It's a computer. It's a computer in the cloud you can prompt. So. And I'll show you what I mean by that. So hopefully this will work well. But I'll pull up a sample if it doesn't. Let's see. I want to write an article about something. Logan. What's something I yap about all the time?  
Them: Metacognition.  
Me: Okay, Metacognition. As it relates to now, hold on. Specifically LinkedIn post. Career growth based on my notes and reflections. Use my voice. So this, on most machines is a fairly complicated task. The cool thing about Zoe is it's like having agent mode on all the time with access to your files. So hopefully. You see, I'm starting to sort of layer on these analogies to show you, but Zoe will intelligently decide. Okay, I need to look up this term amongst the files. These are related terms. That I need to look up. I need to specifically look up things related to notes or, sorry, career related content. So it's at each stage it sort of makes an intelligent decision. And the reason it's so empowering for someone that is self described non technical is because once you get the hang of vibe coding it, they have done a lot of the difficult stuff that previously you would have had to sit down and open up an actual code editor to do. So if you wanted to just, I don't know, get weather information from the weather service, right? You have to code and set up an API. Now, I know what that means in concept. I have no clue what that means tactically. Right? Maybe that's relatable to the folks here, but with this, you could literally tell it. Hey, weather.com's API is free. I want you to go there. I want you to tap it, and I want you to give me the data. And this is the data that I want, and it'll just do it.  
Them: Will it do all this stuff with, like, setting up your secret key, etc.  
Me: Yes. So without revealing my secret key necessarily. There is a section.  
Them: This is all just. This is all just an elaborate ploy to do it. Do identity theft? Yeah.  
Me: There's a section in Settings which I can't quite see in developer mode. I'll grab that in a second. But, yeah, there's a specific section where you can store your secret keys. The other cool thing is Zoe right now is running off of them, allowing they're running off of a vc. Money, but as a business model, they are very pro consumer in many ways. One of the ways that I was referencing earlier is using markdown files. People don't. One of the reasons people don't like Notion is because all of your stuff is stuck in there, right? If you're ever upset at Notion, if Notion ever chooses to displease you or screw up or doesn't like bad customer service, you're stuck with them. With Zoe you could literally just. You don't even need to export. I've set it up so that everything is copied onto my Google Drive so I could exit Zoe tomorrow and there's nothing they could do to hold my dad a hostage. So that's one sort of really strong principle, which, again, it was easy. To not care about these principles when we had no power, right when I had no ability to choose, I was like, yeah, sure, I'll take whatever chat GPT can give me. The cool thing with a tool like this is it does make some of those choices more accessible to non technical folks, which is really nice and it's not an easy system to run around, so let's check back in on this real quick and see how it's going. I don't know how this compares to yours, but just to show you the steps that it went through, it drafted and redrafted the post. It looked for different notes related to self reflection. It applied a voice transformation which I hope will load in a second, but is essentially a prompt that I've set up to alter it to my voice. And you can see over here that it knows because I've programmed it to my preferences. Hey, Vrijen wants writer mode on. Let me do that. And, I mean, I'll let you check out the quality for yourself, but, I mean, as far as first drafts go for zero effort. It's not bad. But the thing is, people are lying to you when they say it's zero effort. The effort isn't setting up the system to capture your thoughts. The effort is the thinking that you already do. You already have great ideas. We already think of cool stuff. And the problem is that it's so hard to act on it because all the information just ends up pooled in different places. So, yeah, long story short.  
Them: Sorry to interrupt, but Beth says she never thinks of cool stuff. Yeah, that's not true, Beth.  
Me: No, go ahead.  
Them: But can you give us a glimpse of what it took to set this up? Because, you know, we hear the phrase like context engineering, like learning orchestration, whatever that looks like. But how much time did it take to get. All of your. I'm trying not to make a geeky term here, but it's like.  
Me: All of my crap in order.  
Them: Well, no, because there's two things going on here, right from. A learning perspective. Sorry, this is me being a nerd. But, like, it's may, some of it is like making tacit knowledge explicit, right? Meaning the information that lives in your head and you're getting it down on paper, like that is a process in and of itself and in some ways, like a skill in and of itself is to be like, okay, all the things that I know here, I have to, like, articulate. And then the second thing is, like, the literal documentation.  
Me: Right.  
Them: Of and bringing all of those things together. Right? So, like, how much time did it take you, I guess, to set this up in the first place? That. Then it's an easy process, like you just showed us.  
Me: Well, so the beautiful thing about human knowledge is it's bootstrappable. And I have done a lot of that thinking. And so part of what I'm trying to demo on Wednesday, Logan, for your content knowledge and this is obviously offer to everyone here as well. I effectively have built out a base version of Zo. Where is she? Test account. Boom. So this one, just today as an example, is the cool stuff you can do. I was trying to set up cal. Com on my Zoe. But this isn't cleaned up. It is absent any personal information of mine. And with a pretty minimal amount of knowledge, you could bootstrap this up. So, Gabby, this is what I've been trying to get going for you for a few days. I've just been sort of setting it up correctly. I wanted such that you could just flash it. Over to someone's Zoe and be ready to run with A lot of the way I'm describing to the Zoho team is quality of life upgrades that are needed for folks like us to really have a decent time on Zoe because I don't want to have to remember and I'm presuming you don't either want to have to remember very specific commands, right? Very specific things. So Quality of Life upgrade that I put into this is an interpreter that Logan I very geekily set it up to activate based on a spell command. It works in English too, but you can also say in kantom and it will turn it on, but it'll just translate what you're saying into the specific scripts that it needs to call. So there's all sorts of built up. Now, I know, zero coding. Right. But I can say that if you approach it with a reasonable amount of diligence, you can just build off. Of that pretty easily. Or even I would say start with the other path. Where I can offer if you want to do the ground up or bottom floor sort of learning would be to build yourself a metaprompter. That's where I started. I think that's a great place to start because it forces you to learn the basics of prompting in an incredibly visceral way, because the thing that you're working on is the thing that's going to help you in the future. I actually really love the experience. It was very eye opening. And I'll explain what that is more in a second, but I'll pause to ask, see if anyone has any questions.  
Them: I ran it just now. I can tell you a bit about what it did if you're interested.  
Me: Yeah. What was it like?  
Them: Yeah. Okay, so basically. Let me actually just share.  
Me: Yeah. God. Moment of truth.  
Them: Yeah. So it was interesting. I'll give you. I'll give everyone a little context of what I needed to do. For some reason, went down a construction AI rabbit hole. Not that I'm really doing much in construction AI work wise, but it came up in conversations. I got really interested in the topic and I'm talking about construction of super large infrastructure products like people that build subways. Highways and residential and big towers and whatnot, right? So went on that rabbit hole, super complex. And the big question is they're a laggard industry, right? Very old fashioned, very strange averse, but AI could really make breakthroughs. So I was trying to figure out what's. Anyway, I went down this whole rabbit hole then this was fun. I had a conversation with someone in the Netherlands who is the CEO of a big infrastructure construction firm. So I had my notes in Dutch. I took a picture of it. Talked to the chat, GPT said, can you transcribe this? Which it did quite well. And then I'm like, can you translate this in English? Because I work in thinking is mostly in English, but I had the conversation in Dutch, so I anyway. So then I went to ChatGPT and say, you know, can you write me a short researcher board about what's going on in construction, AI space, challenges, opportunities, what are they trying to solve for what is happening in the innovation? So I kind of guided it a bit and I'm like, don't make up any facts. Give me the sources. Yada, yada, yada. It spit out really superficial three page thing and it referenced the sources, but no URL. So I'm like, no, no, no. I want the URLs of all these sources. Spit out pretty much the same thing with lots of URLs, and I'm like, okay, this is a bit superficial. The kind of stuff we could write ourselves if we had an hour to do so. Which we don't. And then I thought of Zoorijen, and I chucked it into Zoe, and I'm like, okay, let's see what it comes up with. And so I dumped that same file in the same prompt. Now I dumped the file from ChatGPT and I basically asked how can you come up with something better? And the first attempt was really interesting. It pretty much spit out almost the same thing that ChatGPT had created and I had given it. But then, as you and I were texting earlier today, FRJRIJEN it. Basically, you said, oh, I have this prompt for deep research. So then I started a new chat. And I said, okay, here is a simple research report. Here's a deep research prompt. I would now like you to go off and do deep research on this thing. And it said, okay, I can do that, but what did it say here? Which I thought was kind of cute. Hold on. Let me move my zoom out of the way. It said something a lot. I can't find it back right now, but it said something along the lines of, yeah, I can do that. But it will be 40 to 60 pages, and it will take me 45 minutes to do. And somehow this thing here is still sitting here. But send it to that. I don't know why it's still sitting there. Yeah. Here. Given the volume of detail you want preserved, this will be a substantial document. So I. Basically said, that's okay. When you're done creating the comprehensive report, then please create a summary of that that's no more than five pages, and then create them as separate doc files, because I don't use MD files, because if I ever do anything with it, I want to go in and edit. Of course. It just generated it. So I haven't read any of this, but this is what it came up with. Damn, it looks good.  
Me: Oh, wait. I can't even see it. Whoops.  
Them: Looks. Very delicious.  
Me: There we are.  
Them: Hold on.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: Casey. Yeah, I can see. Yeah.  
Me: I was, like, waiting in suspense. Okay. Oh, wow.  
Them: Wow. Wait. This is so pro looking. I'm really impressed with the outfit. It looks very. I paid McKinsey $40,000. Yeah, there you go.  
Me: I mean, In a sense, McKinsey did contribute.  
Them: Yeah, maybe I took McKinsey.  
Me: They had their fingerprints over it. That's why I say the firm is all powerful. You can't escape it.  
Them: Saving. How it gives me the sources, which I like because I always want. Can you click on one? Gabby, I'm just curious if there. Actually, I have. See here. Hold on. Where is the source? Let's see. Fortune Business Insights. Because I've had it before with a few of them where they give. They give sources. And then you go. And it's like a 404 where it's an error. Like, it's not a real. Well, it looks like a legit URL, but do we really think fortune has created something? That an article that's AI in Construction Market? I doubt it. So is this made up or is this a real URL?  
Me: Yeah, with a bunch of them. Yeah, that'd be worth checking. I mean, it is very prompt dependent, I guess, is the main thing. And it's worth noting that unfortunately, LLMs have gotten to a point where. Most people are not going to see a huge improvement if they aren't using it in more sophisticated ways, right? Well, I would have most likely done.  
Them: Now. Here's my Zoe. I lost my Zoe. It didn't open it up in a new window. That's interesting, too.  
Me: Yeah. Would you mind scrolling to the report itself? I wanted to see how. This is the report. Would you mind scrolling a little lower? I wanted to see if it generated actual text. Because I think I'd mentioned to you, deep research is actually one use case where I have not tested Zoe at all. Mostly because I've been building out workflows in it. So it's mostly been. Toggle AI. Yeah, I have, primarily. So what I can show you, you guys.  
Them: I'm just really curious. This executive. I'm just curious what it did with the executive summary, which also what's tough, though, is all this stuff that it outputs, it doesn't put it in chronological order, so it just randomly. Maybe it's alphabetical.  
Me: Yeah. Right. Which is another one of those sort of quality of life upgrades that I'm not only lobbying for in the back end, I'm essentially hoping to build that. So it's a very cool tool. Who would I say Zoe is good for? I would say Zoe is good for someone that just loves AI so much and loves trying out tools so much, they want to try something that is a very different way of thinking. Someone that wants to build out workflows. But N8N or Zapier wasn't really for them. I would say try Zo.  
Them: Can you give a few examples of the workflows that you've built out? You don't have to either show or just describe, because I think that is one thing that a lot of people that I talk to at least are like, I don't even. Some people are like, is it worth the time? To make the workflow. Do I have enough repetitive tasks?  
Me: Yes.  
Them: That it warrants making a workflow, for example. But I think I've seen some of the stuff you've done with Zoe, and it is easier in some ways.  
Me: It's easier in some ways. Yeah, it's easier in some ways primarily because you're describing the workflow that you want, and if you can describe it and kind of a disciplined manner, then it relatively reliably runs that exact thing.  
Them: Yeah. The Sheila just asked, what's the cost of Zoe?  
Me: So the good thing is Zoe is pretty cheap right now. You can get memberships are. I think it's like $10, $20. Sorry, $10, $50 at $100 or 100 or $200. But it's all token based. So essentially you buy that many credits per month and you get charged the exact same rate as if you were doing tokens to Claude or to ChatGPT. So it sort of depends on how heavy your usage is. For some folks, that's a bad thing. For me, it was overtly a bad thing because I used to use it a bunch, so I kind of came out even. But if you sign up through my code, you do get a 50% discount and 25 bucks.  
Them: Fluencer.  
Me: The Zofluencer. The Zofluencer era begins. I don't get a kickback. I wish I get credit. I get compute so that I can build more things for them. They have me working in a little Zoomine, but no, it's a cool tool. I was very compelled to do it. I'll show you guys one cool thing that I've built, which.  
Them: Sorry. There's another question. Is the token use comparable for similar prompts?  
Me: Yes. Yes, yes. Because they essentially don't have too heavy of an intermediating layer of their own. So you're basically just getting like the most plain vanilla chatgpt experience you can. I guess the way that I would think about it is if you like customization and close control of things, especially things that you care about. And I'll give you an example. Writing. Which is why, Logan, I messaged you earlier saying we should do a vibrating competition. I really care about writing. I care about writing and the quality of what it comes out. And for me, writing is what I'm doing it for. Fun. I'll do. It for fun, but for the most part, I get so absorbed that it's work. But the hard part, I feel, is the thinking that we do to develop the ideas. So to my mind, building out a system which captures my voice effectively and is able to transform my thoughts to my voice, not really cheating. I've planned the effort to set it up to my voice, and I edit it before I submit it. And nothing that I generate because of those two extra steps of discipline. It feeds into more high quality samples for me to train my own stuff on. And I use train in a completely non technical sense. It's literally just a prompt and a couple of workflows. So it's something that is easy enough to set up. And yeah, that's essentially like mini app store idea. That Zoe has is folks building on it and actually building out, effectively building tools for each other on zo. That's part of their view.  
Them: Cool.  
Me: Bunch of socialists, if you ask me.  
Them: The puns write themselves. What is your referral code? Or if you send it to me, I'll send it to the.  
Me: Yeah, I'm also happy to answer just like questions generally folks have around AI or things that are troublesome to them. I don't want to even recommend ZO for the rest of this call, and just focus more on the tools that you're currently using and any sort of difficulties or challenges you might be having with that. But, yeah, I'll share all the prompts and the codes, and I'll actually put the Zo code in the chat, but I'll share some of these prompts that I use. Gabby, if you've got time at some point, I'd love to show you how to. Use that deep research prompt a little bit more effectively. Not to use her blame, just to say that I think I need to just jump on a call with you and figure out how to tune it to Zoe, because it's a chat GPT prompt.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, no, I'd love to. And I'm totally learning here and also would love some guidance from you on how to best organize my Zoe, because now I have all those docs sitting and I find stuff back anymore and I was playing around with folder structures, but it wasn't working, so we'll report back. Maybe when we got stuff optimized. Right.  
Me: Oh, yeah, there's. Oh, please. Absolutely. Logan, have you. Were you the one trying Cora?  
Them: Yeah, I was just reading Sheila's message. I was about to switch, actually. Gabby came over for a AI hang sesh this week, and I was just saying that I want to switch from Superhuman to Cora. I know another woman in this group, Rebecca, had switched to Cora, and she really liked it, so. Sheila, I don't know if you're able to chat or if you just want to write in the. If you want to just want to type it. But I'm curious to hear your thoughts.  
Me: Yeah, that'd be. That'd be super interesting.  
Them: I'd love to hear how people are using it. I don't know if she's able to.  
Me: Have you guys used Howie? I think you said you didn't have such a good experience in Howie, right, Gabby?  
Them: No, no, I haven't used it. But I have a friend who likes it a lot. So I've been thinking about it, but maybe not if I use something else. While. Yeah. I'm not sure if Sheila's able to join or to chat, but I have not used Quora myself, but I already pay for it effectively because I use the every membership.  
Me: Right.  
Them: But I was gonna do a quick show and tell. If we're talking about tools, that is a similar use case.