Logan Currie
No. So I was in lots of startups, basically, but all in Asia. So I lived
in. I grew up in Charlotte, but then I moved to Thailand and then China
and Singapore when I was like, 21, so right after graduation. And so I
was in China for Shanghai for eight years, Singapore for four years.
Like, Thailand briefly in between. So lots of, like, ed tech startups,
like, a few, like, solo ventures and. Yeah. And then I moved back to the
States just over three. Yeah, three years ago. So kind of freshly back.

Shujaat Ahmad
You had kids outside during the pandemic and then you had kids outside
as well.

Logan Currie
Yeah.

Shujaat Ahmad
Such a fascinating experience.

Logan Currie
It was. It was an adventure, I tell you that much. I feel like so much
of what is happening now maybe pertinent to our conversation around,
like, future of work, skills of the future. And it’s all like,
resilience, adaptability, and I’m like, I am so prepared. Like, I drop
me in a place and I will. I will find friends and I will. I will make
something happen.

Vrijen Attawar
Yeah. Hey. Hey. How’s it going? Yeah, no, the number of first days of,
like, school, first days of work, first days of the country that Logan
and I have had is. Is that’s probably the. The unfair advantage we have
is that.

Logan Currie
Just we’ve trained to be cockroaches. We will survive.

Vrijen Attawar
Trained to be cockroaches? Yeah. We’ll survive anywhere.

Shujaat Ahmad
Oh, I agree. You know, it’s. We had. We do my course and I on our
podcast, we every year do something for new grads. Every do. Like, we
make fun of some. A lot of the commencement speeches because some are
good, but a lot of them have become just like a Oscar ceremony. Like, we
do our take on it. Right. So the largest one we did. And then a lot of
the new grads and reached out because we just did. We’re like, okay,
this is off brand, but we do it every year. And we’re like, yeah, like,
if you are. You go look at experiences that time can’t buy you later
on, because that’s how it helps me as well. And go outside, go to other
countries if you are not. If you’re getting.

Shujaat Ahmad
Being dismissed by these large corporations right now, go somewhere
else. Get that experience. That is what’s going to be built on top,
like, of AI. And that’s what helped our careers as well. I mean, I came
as an international student, graduated, but I was like, all right, I’m
trying to. It was working as well. The year after, like, your. When you
graduate of that international year, and the option was to continue my
Visa, but go in the middle of nowhere. I was in oil and gas. I was like,
I’m not gonna, I don’t want my future to be dictated by where refinery
is located. I’m like, I want to go do something else more meaningful.

Shujaat Ahmad
And I went to Asia with Procter and Gamble at that time and it has been
some of the best learnings I got in business was there because nothing
existed and our role was bring something that nothing exists there.