[Speaker 1]
Okay, so.

Okay. So? What am I trying to do here? What am I trying to do here?

I guess what I'm trying to do is? Figure out. What my strategy will be as far as getting so deployed? So, what I could do is essentially if I can set up the demonstrator account? A certain standard. Then we can clone the demonstrator accounts. We just need to establish all of the refs all the points at which.

Yeah, you know, essentially, we. Want? Spin it up. And offer. What is, what is a basic sort of productivity kit, right? It is. My readings are processed in a way that I want. And. I have. Crm. The overhead that connects to. Spot or something else?

Wish we could set up pretty easily using native or use a beer.

Connecting it to?

Because that then opens up the entire internet, right? Uh, and especially since. That business region.

And that's. In essence, I could set up perfect. Also, the integration.

You know, so we can essentially say.

You know, I?

We essentially say, hey.

I can.

Or, I can give you the. White, labeled sort of custom setup stuff.

Plus a certain amount, and then. Get some sort of like? For long.

Um, you know?

Features. We are a list system meeting system.

Command system.

Worker orchestration system. Teach them how to build with that. What else, what else, what else, um? Reflection to whatever? Uh, reflection. Output. Uh, what else? What else do folks do?

Um, oh yeah, and a and a pipeline's ingesting records and processing them.

And a process for turning. Ongoing intelligence into hypotheses and stable. And semi-stable information.

So? Yeah, and in fact, it's, it's a good amount of functionality that they would get.

I think I would price it at least.

Yeah.

You know. So, in essence, what I need to do is I need. Build out and finalize the functionality on my system. I think.

Learned a bunch from setting the Zoe system up. I just need to finalize the Zoe Bridge functionality. And I think it should be relatively easy to spin something up. That carries forward, and then what I can do from there is essentially just focus on refining mine and taking Advanced orders from folks for a custom implementation of a personal productivity Suite. Um.

So? In essence, what I need is a demo out of the demonstrator to sort of show how?

Particular capabilities. Processed and? Yeah, actually, I can use this. Self-Reflection. Actually, I can use literally this. Recording to demonstrate the self-reflection generation capabilities. Um.

Yeah.

Yeah. I think.

Yeah, I think maybe I'll brainstorm and think I'll ask AI to brainstorm what other capabilities there might be that would be necessary. I mean, something that drafts emails might be good. Something that reviews your? Uh, emails and an ongoing basis. And. Sort of prepares responses for them based on the growing understanding of yourself and your business and what you do. And that would be far more effective than any.

Other tool, especially if I can like optimize it for their voice, which I can certainly do. Um, that can be another sort of offering. Is voice optimization so? I think I've mentioned a fair few sort of add-ons, and so it would be good to sort of isolate and identify those add-ons as well so that we can price accordingly. Um.

I think that is the. I think that is the way. You know is to?

Yeah, precisely. I think the way forward is to proceed in this sort of direction.