00:01
Danny Williams
I posted. Well, actually I've done since I posted a video in Stand up
channel, but I've done more since then. So there's only like. The only
thing that's missing is on the, like, different roles, there's these
like, responsibilities and skills. They're supposed to have like a
detail page where you can like dig into the information. But I haven't
done that just because it seems a little bit extra.

00:33
Vrijen Attawar
Like.

00:35
Danny Williams
You know, in a sense as an employer, do you need to dig into that
information when it's the system really that needs to care about it? I
guess so, like, maybe we don't even.

00:47
Vrijen Attawar
It's gonna be. It's kind of going to be part of the demo and it's
something that. Well, we'll see. But I was talking about this with Ilya
yesterday that, like, being able to edit that eventually, but being able
to talk about that before you start picking an applicant is potentially
really useful. I, I said something yesterday. I forget already what it
was, but immediately I happy it was like, yeah, there we go. We're
enabling the power of being. Oh, God.

01:19
Danny Williams
I was gonna say, like, the only thing is like, I mean, just with the
number of skills and responsibilities that you get, like, I don't know
how useful it's gonna be to go through like 20 different pages of like
analysis on each thing. Right. Like, you would almost want something a
bit more like an overview or like, yeah, you know, because it's going to
be a lot to pass. Like, I don't know.

01:51
Vrijen Attawar
Yeah, like, they still have the main overview page of here's the
responsibilities and here's the soft and hard skills. The only, the only
real purpose at that point is for someone who doesn't have that domain
experience, someone who doesn't know what it means to hire a Swift
engineer to be able to see those things and either quickly ask, you
know, it's the person interviewing or reviewing being like, cool, well,
these are important and I can rely on this. Or hey, actual Swift
engineer who doesn't have time to babysit hr. Like, does this look
correct? And then they'll look at it and then be like, cool, yeah,
you're good.

02:33
Danny Williams
Like, I get the idea. But like, is that what, like, we need to be
providing? I guess is my question. Because like, if, if, you know, that
sounds something like, maybe you'd want that in an app for like
interviewing people or like, you know, like, that's the kind of thing
that we do for the clients, right? Like for the end. For like the job
seekers, because they're gonna go and like go into interviews and need
to like, prep. Right. But interviewers, they will do that. But probably
they already have a process, right? Like, they already have like people
that are experienced or, you know, like, it could be useful. I just, I
don't know, it feels like a bit unproven to me.

03:26
Vrijen Attawar
Let's toss it in. Unless, like, you know, I totally get it. I would
appreciate tossing it in because it's sexy. But if you want to
prioritize, getting the deal breaker reviewing and like, honestly
getting the deal breaker stuff visible on the employer portal is more
important than that anyway.

03:50
Danny Williams
It's already there. I just, like, I was just saying, I just. I don't
have any user that has deal breakers. So I don't know, like. Well, I've
tested it with some fake data, but like, you know, like, I don't know
what the real data is going to come in, like, and if that's going to be
like a really long string or something.

04:11
Vrijen Attawar
It might be. So what you can do is you could shift back to the
application page and implement brocl's designs for that deal breaker
review. That gives each applicant the ability to finalize those deal
breaker questions and that'll allow you to budge that data anyway so
that you'll just have data in whatever shape you want.

04:38
Danny Williams
Yeah, I mean, technically I could just fake it myself, but like, I, I
don't know, I just don't want to spend time on that right now. So, like,
yeah, we could totally figure something out if we need to. But it
doesn't seem like the most pressing thing, I guess.

05:00
Vrijen Attawar
I mean, the deal breaker stuff, I would like to get it out if, you know,
if there's still time.

05:08
Danny Williams
But what I'm saying is it would better for me if you just create your
user that has deal breakers and then tell me if it looks good because
then I can just move.

05:19
Vrijen Attawar
On to the next thing. Give me a job link, give me a direct apply link
and I'll just. My user, which I guarantee will have deal breakers.

05:28
Danny Williams
Right. Okay, perfect. I'll just send you one.

05:32
Ilse Funkhouser
Cool.

05:33
Danny Williams
That's pretty much what I. Yeah. So anyway, other than that, like, yeah,
basically. Oh, I just sent you a local host link. Let me send you. I'll
send you a staging link, I guess. Well, actually, I guess that link will
work.

05:49
Vrijen Attawar
Yeah, I'll just use it. Don't worry.

05:52
Danny Williams
I'll tell you what, I'll just do the end bit. Yeah. Whatever, just put
staging in front of that. So, yeah, we've got most of everything. I even
added in that little radar graph. Although, yeah, it's not like exactly
the same as the design because of just like graphing libraries are
finicky, but it's more or less the same. I took the same one that we
have in the. In the client app. But yeah, everything else is basically
in there. I've added in those skills and things that you handed to me.
Yeah. So then I basically just need people to try it and tell me if I
missed something or whatever. And I'll in the meantime look at whatever
that thing is, the role breakdown, like details for skills and
responsibilities and stuff.

06:53
Vrijen Attawar
Amazing. Again, if you want a break, implement the user side of the deal
breaker review.

07:00
Danny Williams
Oh, really?

07:02
Vrijen Attawar
Cool. All right, cool.

07:02
Danny Williams
Not right now. I'd rather like stay focused on this. Yeah.

07:09
Ilse Funkhouser
Amazing work. I'm excited. I've not yet checked it out. I will go do.

07:14
Danny Williams
So there's a little bit of a process to understand, I guess on just
like, okay, you want to create a user. Right now the process is somewhat
manual. You go to the admin app and then you create an employer and. And
then you can send a password reset email through the Firebase. But we
can do all that stuff for you, me and Ilsa. So if you want to test it
out, then let's. I mean, for now let's test on staging, say something in
Slack somewhere and then we'll go back and forth on it and get a user
set up. And yeah, we'll. I think it shouldn't be too complex. It's just
like we want to make sure you don't reuse a user that's also a client on
the client app. We want to have a separate user for employers.

08:14
Danny Williams
What I've been doing is I've just been doing that trick with the plus
thing. I'll write what I use my one in the meet chat. That's what I've
been using. And then. Yeah, that's kind of it. And you just have a user
and password. I didn't implement any Google login or anything. Just like
the bare minimum. And then you'll see like one page of the employer app,
which is where you have your roles and you can add roles and. And then
in. Then you have like the other details pages once you have a role. And
then if you have your own client customer account, you can take the
share link from one of those pages and then apply to your own job. And
then you'll be able to see what it looks like anyway.

09:11
Ilse Funkhouser
Awesome. I'll create a dummy account and get in and explore a bit.

09:19
Danny Williams
Cool. Yep. Let me know what you find. I mean, just message me on Slack
and then we'll. We'll sort it out.

09:29
Ilse Funkhouser
Perfect. Sounds good. Sounds good. Was Rockle to the cafe? Did I see or.

09:38
Vrijen Attawar
No, she's not going to be here. She's moving somewhere fancy.

09:41
Ilse Funkhouser
Okay, Nice. Cool.

09:44
Vrijen Attawar
Cool.

09:47
Ilse Funkhouser
The. Did you want to brief everybody on Darwin Box or is that worth a
combo now or you want to.

09:54
Vrijen Attawar
Yeah, yeah. Very good conversation with Darwin Box. So we are going full
speed ahead on the acquisition channel. We've spoken to a couple of
founders that have sold companies and have essentially been checking
out, you know, what is it that we need to do to present ourselves and
how do we gather up these folks that'll be interested in us. One of
these leads, and probably one of our most promising leads is with an org
called Darwin Box. They're a billion dollar company out of Asia based,
headquartered in Singapore, but their primary markets are India and the
Philippines. I managed to pull some strings and get a call with the
founder. Very interesting guy, asked a lot of questions about us, gave
us.

10:40
Vrijen Attawar
We are like ostensibly very out of their wheelhouse but that is a good
thing because their wheelhouse is very boring and traditional and stuff
that they've already mastered. Largely the framing, it seems like that
would be interesting to them is almost as career span as a moonshot if
you want to think of it in that framing. Amongst other things, I think
Logan actually upon being asked, pointed out some really concrete ways
in which our tech could slot in. But frankly considering the relative
scale difference between us and them, it would be more of a, you know,
in the eye of the beholder. Whatever they want to sort of see in making
career span could. Could potentially work. So we're gonna have those
conversations with them.

11:21
Vrijen Attawar
Ilsa very rightly pointed out that giving everyone a little bit of time
and space before we do that to like iron out some more stuff in the go
to market side. It's not to say that is the exact framing that they will
want to purchase even, but just from a narrative standpoint from a like
helping the team think through things that have language refine, I think
it makes a degree of sense to at least have a few days. Also not to seem
desperate. So I'm thinking like early next week we'll throw on a call
with essentially Logan, me, Ilsa, depending on how many folks they bring
along. Ilya, we'll try to include you as well. If it doesn't throw the
ratio off, but effectively I think it'll be a good way to demonstrate
the very cool shit that we've built.

12:05
Vrijen Attawar
There's some other conversations with folks like at DAO and stuff that
are still maturing, but those I will let them cook a little bit more
before sharing. Anything I missed from the morning call logs?

12:19
Ilse Funkhouser
No, I think that's it. And just to zoom out a little bit. I mean, I
think when we talked as a team, what like two and a half weeks ago, we
said we'd keep everybody apprised of how these conversations are going.
I'll share. I've shared this with V, but I'll share again the bigger
notion database of kind of targets that we're looking at. Our plan is
essentially just continuing to look at between five to 10 potential
acquirers per week and cross reference who we know in the most senior
decision making roles or how we can get to those people in the most
decision making roles at each company. So this is one lead that I'm
happy went really well.

13:04
Ilse Funkhouser
But our goal is to get 15 to 20 such conversations kind of in the
pipeline so that we can start to see the lay of the land a little bit
more essentially. But I'm happy we got. Got one more in the bag. So.
Yeah, that's kind of the update there.

13:26
Vrijen Attawar
Yep, yep, yep. All, all good stuff. We, we also should be rolling out to
Emory soon. Ilsa, at the moment you can give me some sort of an update
on which is unrelated because we're still meeting with Emory tomorrow
and we're going to figure out how to roll this out to like their alums,
but in parallel. One of the things they requested was a special code for
their federal worker alums.

13:50
Vrijen Attawar
That's.

13:51
Vrijen Attawar
So if we can just get that.

13:54
Vrijen Attawar
Functional, that'd be great. Yeah, an update on that. I gave Danny a
pull request that according to ChatGPT, will fix the issue totally and
completely. I have not tested it because I've never actually deployed
the backend once in my life. So great time to learn. I haven't wanted to
distract Danny too much, but Danny, if we could with deploying that, the
staging work, like what's the best way to test out if that actually
fixes things?

14:22
Danny Williams
Yeah, we can deploy the stadium. Do you want to do it and I teach you
how to do it or do you want me to just do it?

14:32
Vrijen Attawar
Given. Given that you're going to be gone this time next month, that's
probably a good idea. So after this call, I'll pick you up.

14:40
Vrijen Attawar
Yeah, you know what they say, you teach a. You teach a woman to deploy,
she can deploy her whole life.

14:50
Ilse Funkhouser
You almost. You almost had it.

14:52
Vrijen Attawar
Almost had it. It's a little. Oh, I'm. I'm gonna blame it. Close, but no
cigar. It's okay. I'm gonna go flagellate myself for failing the last.
Privately. Privately. I gotta jump with Rocklin a little bit. Ilya, do
you mind if we break off and just get a quick update in Lokes? Feel free
to join as well, unless you have something to do it. But I have a one
one with Rockle soon that I don't want to miss, so I want to pass along
some info.

15:21
Ilya Kucherenko
So are you. Are you looking for an update from me right now or did you
say, hey, let's do an update after your other calls?

15:29
Vrijen Attawar
I was thinking of sync, but actually, yeah, now that you mentioned that,
maybe it's better to carve out more than nine minutes for it. Are you
free later in the day? You're western? Yeah, okay, perfect. Sweet.

15:41
Vrijen Attawar
I'll.

15:41
Vrijen Attawar
I'll ping you closer or like get something closer to midday.

15:45
Ilya Kucherenko
Yeah, My day has just begun.

15:47
Vrijen Attawar
Amazing, Ilya, amazing. It's good to hear.

15:52
Danny Williams
That.

15:52
Vrijen Attawar
I'll get that sorted. I'll actually jump so that I can prep for that
next meeting, but I will catch you all in a little bit.

15:57
Vrijen Attawar
Cool.

15:58
Vrijen Attawar
All right, Adios.
