Meeting Title: Hamoon Ekhtiari x Vrijen Attawar
Calendar Event ID: b98mvpvhcfv6vsncsdvrhuok3o
Attendee Emails: hamoon@futurefit.ai
Creator Email: vrijen@mycareerspan.com

Transcript:

Me: Hey, how's it going?
Them: I'm doing.
Me: Can you hear me?
Them: What? Yeah, I can hear you. Great.
Me: Amazing. Amazing. Great to meet you. It's such a pleasure.
Them: Likewise. I'm looking forward to learning more. It seems like this is 50 human 50 AI this meeting.
Me: Yeah, I'm responsible for that rough ratio. I'm actually trying out Sana to see if it can replace Fathom. So if it's okay, if it's all the same to you. I really only need one of them. Is.
Them: Yeah, no worries from mine. I didn't kick that one out. I don't know why it left.
Me: Yeah, I know. Maybe this is been the problem with Sana. It's had all sorts of weird behavior. Where it's European. So a little skittish about me expressing doubt.
Them: It's like somebody mentioned something about me. I got to get up.
Me: Exactly. Our head of A.I. actually, just on a whim, typed out Sana agents destroy. And it just auto combusted the recorder in the middle of the call. So there's a lot of prompt leakage going on. I mean, we're going to see this more and more in products.
Them: Yeah. So listen, just maybe as context on my note, I had come across the work you were doing. I'm always excited by people building interesting things in around the space and I'm excited to learn more about you, your journey to work. Happy to share a bit about what we've been up to. Think about if there are any intersection points. If not still great to connect.
Me: Yeah, absolutely. And I really appreciate that. It's future FIT has long sort of been on our radar. I think you guys have achieved some really incredible things and grown a great org. Actually, I think I mentioned I had the pleasure of hearing your cto. I believe it was. Speaking to the Fohi Group in New York. But long story short. Yeah, Equally excited for this. For my part, me and my co founder were former career coaches. And so we started with that sort of pedigree and really the understanding of what does it take to help people with strong narrative design, because that is a sort of great unsolved problem when it comes to scalably delivering career help. So with ChatGPT, when the tech launched, essentially started as a career tech, sort of pure play, built a really great sort of system. We have over 500 monthly active users, over 1000 hours of coaching recorded with Rai some really solid numbers that indicate a lot of user love. But with how terrible the market is and the pain points we're seeing around AI generated resumes. It dawned on us that really there's only one way for things to go, and we need a new route for people to be considered. And so now what we're doing is essentially offering the career tech tool for free to get folks into the careers fan talent pool. And use our matching tech to supply highly curated candidates to employers on a proactive basis. They would essentially be able to get an instant snapshot of all of the talent on Careerspan instead of posting a job. Waiting for applicants waiting to thousands, et cetera, et cetera. So that's sort of the journey that we've been on and where we've landed right now. As a go to market.
Them: Very interesting. Let me just tell you a little bit about you and the journey to this work.
Me: So. It's so funny. I had always sort of had idle dreams of starting a company, but never really took it super seriously. Started my career as a career coach. Did that for about five years. The co founder wanted to do something more challenging and in the business world. At a larger scale and so went back to the u.s. got my mba and worked at McKinsey briefly. But this sort of problem around career coaching was always in my head, as I'm sure maybe you are. Like there's some go to people. In your life that you go essentially get career advice from. So I was always that guy.
Them: Very interesting. And. Sorry. Just so to make sure I get it right, how do I pronounce your name?
Me: Vrijen v. Whatever you prefer. Yeah.
Them: Vrijen What region is great and where are you based? Where's home these days?
Me: Brooklyn.
Them: Okay? Right. And the team. So it's you, your co founder, at this point in time, is that right?
Me: That's right. Team co founder, two devs and a designer.
Them: Okay?
Me: Ahead of AI and a sort of full stack engineer.
Them: Yeah. Got it. And the journey you described, obviously, as you said, the problem is so incredibly real and the need is so real. And then as you mentioned also, market has had all of its own upside downs and all kinds of ways, both job market.
Me: Yep.
Them: And the investor market. I'm curious. Where are you all in terms of thinking about your journey and what you're open to in terms of next stage? Is it going to continue to build? We can make out month at month out. Are you open to the possibilities of connecting maybe with another organization and rolling up into their work?
Me: It's something we wouldn't be against. I think maybe at this particular moment we're very bullish on sort of our prospect, or at least the vision, I think, is sort of very particular and has some sort of advantages going for it. I think one of the things we would love to do and our most open to, is essentially partnering with other companies. Our goal is to eventually just be the data layer. For the rest of the jobs in the hiring market. So to the extent that we think our role as an intermediary could actually help activate the latent potential of many different products and platforms, We want to build an Internet of careers around the qualitative data that can be captured through Careerspan. And I actually think there's tons of relevance for our, you know, for your users as far as the data that we're collecting is concerned. So there's a lot of natural synergies that didn't miss Kind of pass my attention.
Them: And maybe talk to me a little bit about that. You described this idea of you currently offer a front end experience, but your long term vision is to be the layer below or a couple of layers below. I don't know the career spam experience directly. What is this core data set that you're speaking to? Is it the conversational experience of talking about who I am, where I want to go, what I want, and then refining that through the guidance that you provide?
Me: In part. So essentially the tech that we've built is both a sort of multi agent conversational interface to get folks to talk about themselves and self articulate. We also have something that decomposes your responses into over 100 different categories of data points. And effectively just builds out this mini vector database of who you are. So some of this tech is still sort of in progress, but long story short, it gives you what the resume should be in the 21st century, right? It is a sort of aggregated, traceable sort of understanding of who you are. That can then be relaged to help you be more efficient in different parts of the process and more importantly, convey sides of yourself to the employer. That don't come through on the resume, but largely drive the failed hires.
Them: And when you say 100 data points? Because as you can imagine, just like you, I've spent quite a bit of time thinking about this problem of how do you profile a person and attack talent? Talk to me about the dimensions. Obviously, we don't need to go through all 100 data points, but what are the dimensions of a person that you're attending to, map.
Me: Right. So effectively everything from factual, historical information. I guess you want to suppose biographical information as sort of like a base layer of just binary, accurate or not. All the way to inferences that we could safely make about them with regards to values, mindset, and soft skills. And capturing that we hope to, in the near future, align around a sort of shareable taxonomy. But for the time being, the tool leverages the great power of LLMs to essentially perform data science with concepts and words. And using that to its fullest extent.
Them: And so on. Values. Is that a personality model framework that you're baselining on? Is it general, unstructured. Categorization of values.
Me: We're going to start with something unstructured, primarily because the matching that we can do can be a long, fuzzy lines. And so we've spent essentially two years really learning how to build with non reasoning models, but in a highly deterministic way. And so we have a lot of confidence in our ability to extract the right stuff, very high levels of consistency. Very sort of like clear cut, well prepared data that can be ingested by any platform that just agrees on the data structure with us and agrees to sync up the sort of individual. So that's one sort of version of the future is where what we see in the immediate term that will really prove our value and our value prop is to go to these communities of top talent that we've identified and essentially take employers directly to those communities and act as a snapshot in time of like this is the potential talent pool that career spend has for you.
Them: And from an employer, from matchmaking perspective. Let's say you map my values. How would you determine what value is the job wants or need?
Me: So at the outset, you can, with a reasonable degree of confidence off of, I would say, most JDs, you can at least create an archetypal sort of bundle of qualities. I think the ideal implementation of that is to reuse our conversation tech in the context of the hiring manager actually just engages with the AI for five to eight minutes. And helps articulate that. Which also, in the long run, once more, folks are doing it. You can actually sync up the personalities of individual teammates by inferring work style information across all of these different individuals. So eventually, once we're embedded enough, that would just get auto generated.
Them: And if we come back from long term vision to kind of today, What would you say is the strongest part of what you have built? Like, if we were going to look at any component, And say, could we try experiment partnership leverage. It is the assessment piece that your strongest number maybe help me understand where that current capability at its core would be to leverage.
Me: Right. I think it's a little bit the case of, and I'm not trying to be obtuse, it's like a little bit like the beauties in the eye of the beholder. So I would say from the perspective of an employer, The value add would be essentially being able to, in a snapshot sort of way, scan across all of these high potential communities. Even before you put up a job posting and essentially get this precurated pool of talent. With really high signal. No fake candidates. It's not possible to fake a Canada on Careerspan. You essentially get this list and ideally a list that's good enough that you don't have to look anywhere else, right? But I would say from a company like Future Fits, I think it would most likely be the very intentional system that we've set up to capture, clean and store this data. That can be deployable at a very large scale with minimal effort. We sort of knew that this was somewhere we wanted to go, and so integrating with a product like yours could essentially give folks an avenue for piping that data to you without having to build out a lot of the front end tech in the ux.
Them: And the idea. So just workflow wise, someone comes to us on our platform, we have a tool that they can click on that would take them to the Careerspan. Experience they go through what? And just like, again, from an experience perspective, They go through a back and forth with an AI conversational coach and have it like 5 minute conversation. Is that what happens? And then you would have structured data to feedback to us.
Me: That's right. If you have a second, I can show you very quickly. On the device. Just one second. So. This is, I'm fairly certain, the dummy account. I can show you pretty sort of clearly. So there's a couple of changes that are sort of incoming over here, but in essence, This is the page that you land on what we've done at this point. And this has been populated with a few sort of conversations or stories. But in essence, we take your job, we take your resume. We take the target job role that you've defined. In this case, project manager. And we both deconstruct that role into the individual components needed to be a strong candidate. And decompose you into a combination of sort of skills and qualities. And do a mapping exercise so you can just visually illustrate it. It has identified all of the different components that are either missing or present, based on what's been shared so far. This is going to be made more accessible and give folks a more easy to see sort of visual way of understanding where they're lacking as a candidate. But by giving them this sort of scaffolded way to do it. We can create these highly personalized suggestions for what they should talk about. That knows. Hey, if you address this one, you will fulfill these missing criteria. So it sort of naturally guides you towards populating your profile. And what we've done with other orgs is essentially just agreed on a data structure. And we dropped a payload of data at one point and you pick it up at sort of the other end. So we've done some fairly sort of quick and dirty tests and it's totally doable.
Them: And so that's helpful. So I say I'm interested in this particular job. You do a gap analysis off of that? Gap analysis? You then create prompts. And then the person can engage with those prompts and talk to you. Like what happens when the price continue on this.
Me: That's right. Exactly. So just. And bear in mind, I did this with mock data, which is why this looks People do not respond this detail. I'll pull up my wise account in a second. But yeah, it's back and forth. There's nothing hard coded about the responses. It's all rubric based, so it has a really significant amount of flexibility. It pushes your thinking. It's actually a thought partner. Long story short. There's also some other sort of ancillary capabilities worth mentioning, like this vibe check. Where you essentially get the same tech that we use to do this vibe. Tech is what we would adapt to match people to jobs. It tells you how you line up in the eyes of the cto. It sort of tracks deal breakers and an ongoing basis so it can pre filter more jobs for you. And we can also generate a tailored resume. With our sort of basically the only tool in the world that can actually tailor resumes, because we actually make the effort of getting to know the whole, you.
Them: How thoughts. So maybe let me play back a little bit of context for you. You might know some given you heard Lucas talk. But most of our work is essentially, we go through organizational partners. We're supporting people. We need access to support to get to jobs, skills training. Along the way. The way we do that is people come to us, we do a profiling of them, and then we give them access to a bunch of supports. Those might be training courses, they might be career pathways, there might be jobs. And they might be tools that help them get better at a particular thing they need to do. That might be resume review, interview prep. And so we do that for a couple of hundred thousand people a year, basically. The way we then think about partnership is often to say, so maybe just organizationally. And the reason I ask you the earlier question, we think this is a massive problem globally.
Me: Wow. Yeah.
Them: As you know, it's not going away. We think the pie is pretty big, and it's more about more people coming together to go after that big opportunity. And so we are very much a wide lens organization on what's possible that goes all the way to want to come be a part of a drawing mission for us to accelerate. And so that's an option and conversation we've had with potential partners. And then if that's not in the mix, it can go to what might a product level connectivity look like? I think what we've learned over the last couple of years on the product side,
Me: Love that.
Them: Is it creates a lot of user complexity. If we are providing users with multiple front end experiences to navigate. So where that is most natural for us to say so. For example, we might introduce, let's say, the vibe check you had. We might introduce a vibe check capability and a platform that says you can now kind of vibe check against this job. But there would be essentially some version of an embedded experience.
Me: Yeah.
Them: Where they click on that they get access to creator spans. Point solution on the vibe chat. Not entire because for example, a resume update might be something we already have covered.
Me: Right.
Them: But we pass some input data, they go through that point solution and experience, which we wouldn't build as deeply as you might. We then get data back based on what you've learned about them, and they can continue to engage with a variety of supports that are available to them in the platform. That's one.
Me: Totally works for us just to sort of throw that out there. That is something we're totally fine with. I think it's only a question of the right partner and the right deal, but it's something we'd be totally comfortable with.
Them: Okay, great. And then the second model is more where there is a more pure algorithmic or data layer. So the reason I was asking you some of the earlier questions. Was to better understand whether you. At this point, it sounds like maybe it's more vision at this point. Had an IO engine and put output engine. Where if we provided these data points about somebody, you would provide this level of mapping to particular values profile as well. As you think about your longer term, that might be another possibility and consideration.
Me: Yeah.
Them: So that's maybe a little bit of color, if that's helpful.
Me: Super helpful. As I said, it's definitely a part of the spectrum of possibilities we've explored. And truth be told, we had about a dozen or so startups that, in addition to the one we already integrated with that were keen or are keen on sort of doing some form of an integration. So I think it's really just a matter of incentives. I would love to take this back to the team and sort of sound their opinion out as well, but I think for us, it would be massively beneficial and not at all an issue to, again, for the right partner and the right deal, figure out a way to achieve that level. Of white labelness, because it's something we consciously acknowledge is both a barrier to uptake for all parties involved, but also adds a needless friction that can be addressed with some concerted effort.
Them: Okay? Understood. And I know you obviously have to make your own trade off calls. I understand what that life's like as a product company, so I would say, look. Glad to have connected. I love the approach you're taking to bring more granularity and nuance to how people think about, narrate and tell the story of who they are. I think it's interesting and highly complex to be able to then use that also on the employer side, because the data sets on that side are just so limited in terms of intangible elements of what they're looking for.
Me: I really appreciate that.
Them: So recruiters engaging with your chat bot to share those requirements. I think it's an interesting and complex opportunity. But I would say look glad to have met, excited for what you're building, happy to stay in touch. What I would say is also I'm a fan of AS being ourselves, a product and technology company.
Me: Terribly.
Them: I don't want to cause you a bunch of cycles that are not going to have value for you. So what I would say is without a ton of cycles on your end, if whenever it makes sense over the next couple of weeks, Want to share a note with me to say in our current reality, kind of very specifically, this is use case one and use case two. That would be feasible. I can then give you a sense of is there an operational possibility for us on that, or do we need something at a different down the road for that to be more feasible? But I am conscious of being also a product company not to cause you too many unnecessary cycles.
Me: Right. I seriously appreciate that. That level of sort of cognizance is fantastic. No, I think that's totally fair. I'm absolutely going to make a note to give you that update and this will be a great opportunity to really, one way or the other, sort of cement our path forward as a team. So, yeah. This was such a pleasure. Thank you so much, and looking forward to staying in touch.
Them: Likewise. And look, the final thing I'll say. I know this world is hard, right? Like, if any of us wanted to make simple money. This problem. Space is not the way. It's not the way and the place to do it. But those of us who go after this problem space care deeply about it. And believe there could be a proper unlock with impact at the center with a lens of wants. And so just kudos for everything you and the team are doing. Excited to stay in touch. If I can ever be helpful, just drop me a line.
Me: Really, really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Yeah, I will absolutely be in touch. And I look forward to passing along that note to the team.
Them: All right, take care. Talk to you soon. Bye.
Me: Take care. Bye.
Them: Bye.
