Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - October 10

VIEW RECORDING - 70 mins (No highlights)

@0:00 - Logan Currie

Well, turn on lights. Yo. Yo, Yo, yo.

@0:08 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yo, I'm so excited to show you Zoe real quick. I was just running the
meeting that we had through my little protocol to try to show you what
it can sort of spin up in just a few minutes.

Here we are. Oh, and I'm off camera. One second. Hello.

@0:41 - Logan Currie

Hello. Hello. Yes, comment would like to what?

@0:50 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

May have to restart. Boom. Okay. So meeting transcript process. Okay. So
this is, so I've gotten to the point where all I have to do is issue
this command and finding process.

I'm trying to get it to the point where it doesn't have to ask me these
questions, but essentially asks for some clarifications.

And then it runs these commands. One tip for using it is occasionally it
will time out. And so I set up a rule that specifically says when I say
resume or give this instruction, that means you timed out.

And it reminds it to like pick up from where it left off as opposed to
just like kind of waking up out of a coma and not knowing what the to
do.

So I've found that improves performance a little bit. But to show you
what was processed previously. So I did this.

It's with GPT-5 Mini, and what it does is it creates a meeting under the
meetings folder where it generates all of the action items that were
discussed with, like, notes and, like, specific information.

It will give you, it will assess what are the deliverables that are
recommended, so it identified, okay, maybe writing an email to Meg and
maybe generating a one-pager.

So it sort of will intelligently decide that. It'll summarize everything
related to the meeting in this, like, one-shot, like, first look at this
executive summary.

You can get, like, a high-level overview, and then if I give it
permission to proceed, which I did, in step two, it will actually
generate those deliverables.

So if I have a blurb that I want to generate, okay, this one didn't
generate a blurb because it didn't, I know the blurb was needed.

What did it say was needed? Oh, it said... Oh yeah, and intelligence.
Deliverables. Oh yeah, it said that, where are you at, where are you at,
where are you at?

Detailed notes. I think, oh, here it is. Follow-up email. Yep. It'll
actually generate the follow-up email for you. And it's like a pretty,
it's like a pretty natural sounding email.

Like, yes, again, this, I wouldn't send this intro to Meg because I
wouldn't tell Meg, thanks again for the time to chat.

But like, for the average person, this is like, very passable, you know?
Yeah, yeah. This requires like a very light touch to, to get going.

And then eventually I can even get this to like, just have it drafted,
ready in my account. And then what I can also do is have Howie, I
actually had a, I set it up so that Howie had a conversation with Zoe.

And it like, they back and forth settled on an. Yeah. Great set of rules
for interacting with each other.

It was so cool to see. Yeah, they were like, okay, I'll send you this.
And then do you want this?

Okay, I'll do this. And so they like agreed on a set of rules between
themselves for like how to coordinate my schedule.

wild, man.

@4:15 - Logan Currie

We live in wild times.

@4:16 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

We live in insane times. I did not know this was like, it was like a
dream, honestly, just being able to set some of this stuff up.

Please enjoy a really quick sidebar.

@4:28 - Logan Currie

The, where did I put this? I might need to, oh no, it in messages. So
the Jeff Busking, like lecture yesterday was insane.

Basically like, um, it was essentially the equivalent of like that class
I took in the spring. Cause he and professor are like buddies, but all
about, cause he also wrote like the experimentation machine.

So it's like. All about like the 10X founder, the 10X developer, like
whatever, whatever. But he was giving some insane examples of like
three-person companies running like 5,000 agents and like that.

But this, I'm sending you a screenshot, a screenshot of a screenshot
because my phone is charging. And he was talking about how companies
that are targeting enterprise now are not just going after the software
budget.

I'm going send you this graph, which is going to, if you're as horrified
as I am, look at this graph.

Okay. So AI software to software plus labor. So look, I don't know if
you can zoom in, but essentially what that says is, so they're not
within these enterprise companies.

They have a certain amount of software budget, but what they're saying
is, and the phrase used on that minute.

Software payroll? So I want Automatable payroll, which is out of all the
youth, all the land. Oh, God.

@6:07 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, that's gross. Isn't that gross?

@6:11 - Logan Currie

Automatable payroll, Vrijen.

@6:15 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

They're saying half of society will basically be nixed by software.
Well, I mean, Marc Andreessen was right. Software is eating the world.

I hate to give that bald-headed any credit, but that was a good phrase.

@6:32 - Logan Currie

I felt like I was just, I zoomed in on that and I was like, automatable
payroll. Is that what we're calling it now?

Like, I...

@6:40 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Only, I mean, this is the kind of pioneering social science happening at
Harvard, I'll tell you that. Oh, my God.

@6:46 - Logan Currie

I'm like, this fucker. I mean, it was very interesting otherwise. I bet.
I mean, it's fascinating. I'll you some notes, but like when I put them
all together, but like that...

worry, is he going to stick with me for a long time? Because I'm just
like...

@6:58 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

we are, we are seeing... Being like, this is, this, yeah, I mean, this
is as close as you can get to the Industrial Revolution without actually
being in the Industrial Revolution, right?

We thought it was the internet, but it's most likely going to be this.
But the interesting thing I will say, and maybe you feel the same way
having like vibe coded more, I'm more convinced in my opinion that large
language models aren't it.

Like, I don't, like, I think that they're going to get better. And I
think that, but it's actually kind of perfect for people like you and
me.

It is actually the worst for the world because it is not good enough to
be actually, it's not powerful enough or seamless enough to be actually
democratizing.

It is pseudo-democratizing. It is re-concentrating power in the hands of
the people that can wield it. And have the money, like I was thinking,
this guy's giving me an 80% discount on compute.

He's essentially like, forexing my ability to like, deploy intelligence
and like automate myself and like do in the world, right?

And like, eventually, it will get to a point where that is effectively
what it is. But right now, it's not, it still takes an load of effort to
do this.

And that's kind of perfect for us, because it was easy that everyone
could do it. That's exactly what it is.

@8:33 - Logan Currie

It's, and it's kind of funny, in some ways, because it's not just about
being articulate, obviously, but the fact that it's language based.

Yeah, I loved it so much. Rewards the yappers of the world, I tell you
that much. Seriously. Yeah.

@8:50 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I have genuinely felt like as, as I've started to lean into like being
more, because you don't even need to be that precise.

But I think if you can think in. And like, again, just reasoning, if you
can reason linguistically, or you can reason sort of verbally, that has
never been like more of a superpower than now.

@9:13 - Logan Currie

So yeah, exciting stuff. I mean, hey, automatable payroll, automatable
payroll, . Anyway, um, what were we talking about? Um, so, yeah, the
other combo I had with Ilsa at some point was around, she was really
one, very, very quick before I forget, because this was a short one from
you.

@9:38 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

What was the call with the work tech sherm guy like?

@9:42 - Logan Currie

Oh, like, we should apply, right?

@9:44 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I think we should apply.

@9:46 - Logan Currie

He was very much just like, it was just kind of like a vibe. Like, he
was there for, like, questions, I threw out a few, like, softballs,
like, he likes what we're building, he seemed like a cool guy, he's only
been with them for like a

I was pissed the off.

@10:02 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I'm actually almost glad I didn't take it, because I was pissed the off
going into it, because they just never responded to us last time.

So that was the main thing I wanted to ask him about, was like, hey, can
I expect a response from you?

I'm happy to follow up with him.

@10:16 - Logan Currie

He was quite nice. cool, right? Yeah. So, yeah, that one was a... Laura
just sent us that as well and said, hey, you should apply.

Oh, nice. Okay, yeah.

@10:28 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, which we should roll her, and I got a male Shajat and Rajesh out,
but I think we should roll them out soon as well.

@10:35 - Logan Currie

Yep, I agree. The other... Get us a little more attention. What was I
going to say? Oh, Ilsa was...

Oh, yeah, yeah, Ilsa. Digging more into, like, runway and, like, that
kind of stuff, and she was like, what's...

Like, what are our game plans? Like, In of like not being able to raise
additional funds or whatever. And I was like, I think we can get anyway,
I was kind of hedging in some ways, but I was like, I also didn't want
to completely like, I think we got to get, I think we can get Rob's
money.

I think we might. Yeah. I mean, the fact that like maybe, um, maybe, but
I, I think actually, no, I shouldn't have led with that.

@11:28 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I think we should get some money. And I think Rob would be, let's just
like hit him up. But I think regardless, like as a, I think as a start,
let's try to go with that.

Go ahead ventures folks. We have a good deck. We have a good premise. I
think I've spoken to them and they said revenue wasn't an issue and we
can frame it as like a recent pivot.

Let's at least like try, right? That most, they require a deck and a
recorded video. And I think we have some really powerful consumer
numbers and they're used to seeing consumer products.

@12:00 - Logan Currie

Let's out.

@12:00 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

So I think between that, let's try to see if we can swing. I think they
do require someone else to go in with you.

But I think between that, maybe original investors, maybe New York State
Ventures, I think we could cobble together a proper bridge around now
because we do have way better numbers and way better momentum on our
side.

We have bigger name advisors, all that .

@12:25 - Logan Currie

I was basically like, I think we can get more money in. I do think that
the open question that I would want to bring up is like, how responsible
is it to get more money in without a like real revenue stream?

my, like, I just want to, like, the phrase, the... Bad money after good,
right? Well, the phrase that stuck with me from this guy's workshop last
night was like, you don't want to put money into a leaky bucket.

Yeah. And I was like... Yeah. like, again, I wanted to like the two,
like, in terms of order of operations, like the three things that we
want to be doing are like, okay, who's going to pay us money for the
product that we have, like, is kind of the overriding, like, what's.

@13:16 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I think the, so this is where, this is the way that I would think about
it, is can we, can we work towards a sale in the next year?

And can we raise enough to just get some sort of like, flip, right? I
think, or at least like, psychologically, we can tell the team that,
that like, that is what we're going for.

I think as far as like, any new investor that comes in realistically,
like, it might be them over a little bit, but we'll get them their money
back so quickly, like, I don't think it'll be that much of an issue.

But I do think that, like, I genuinely believe in the distribution case.
And I think, I almost think if we just say, it, we just want to sell
this son of a in a year, then let's just honestly dump a bunch of, let's
like raise enough revenue right now to keep some more money coming in
the door.

And then just like spend a shitload on distribution, eyeballs, volume,
and just sell like a hundred thousand person, like, like, let's make a
exit, like, like, that lady that, like a Frank lady, right?

Except real.

@14:33 - Logan Currie

Yeah, yeah. So I mean, like, I'm, I'm on board with that. I think like,
what makes sense to me is looking really critically at where money is
going in the market.

And saying like, okay, who's, who's acquiring companies? What are they
acquiring them for? I don't know if just users that might be one, right?

But it's like, I think like in terms of. Running a process. I'm thinking
of like how Joe Burgess sold his company.

He was like, I ran it exactly like I would run a fundraise in the sense
that I knew that this company was investing in this type of tech.

I knew who I was talking to, et cetera, et cetera. So it's like, I want
to kind of whiteboard this at some point, but like, what are the
categories of companies out there that are in the business of acquiring
other companies that have high urgency and deep wallets?

I have an idea. Okay.

@15:30 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

You may or may not like it. Okay. I'm open to it. We are not an AI
company. Okay. We are a roll-up company.

Mm-hmm. And we are rolling up recruiting firms. Mm-hmm.-hmm. So we are
essentially saying recruiting firms are a dying breed.

Their only edge is their private little pocketbooks and their ability to
make qualitative judgments about people. We can take over both.

And so we essentially are looking for money to buy recruiting agencies
to get recruiters to sell our network that we create using tech.

So we need money to acquire recruiting agencies that we level up with
our tech.

@16:46 - Logan Currie

Hmm. That's expensive.

@16:50 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

It's a big dream, but luckily big dreams require big money and it's
easier to raise big money than it is to raise small money.

I know that, so the reason I had this idea was because I went to that
Google Ventures, what's it called, Compadre Capital, they have some
dumbass name, it's not bling, it's some silly name, but it was them and
Google Ventures, David Ongchiocho or something, I think you've seen his
name probably.

They were, they put forward three companies that day, was basically just
a glorified like hiring mixer with engineers and three companies from
their portfolio that they were trying to place the engineers with, and
all three of them were roll-up companies.

And they were essentially these dudes that had worked in PE, or had
worked in like some sort of like industry that was all about getting
efficiencies, and they're saying, hey, one of them was for accountants,
another one was for like business automations of some sort.

And they were both just roll up plays. And they're essentially just
like, yeah, we come in, we modernize these places, we take over their
like overhead, all that .

And we like add them to our like growing matrix. Because if the let's
think about it, if the whole problem is we don't want to sell to these
we don't want to sell people to people, then we just buy the companies
that do that and give them career span and put their on career span.

@18:31 - Logan Currie

Right? I mean, the reason that PE companies can do that is because
they've got PE money.

@18:40 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Well, but there, but that's what I'm saying. Like, I think there is a
wave of these startups that are doing that.

And they're specifically targeting these archaic industries. And there's
a case to be made that like, we're kind of perfect for that, right?

Because what are the costs associated? I mean, we can like sit down with
a recruiter. But effectively, you generally need more recruiters than
people because the recruiters have this pipeline to maintain, right?

But if you can increase the ratio of candidates to recruiters through
career span, then you can have fewer recruiters in a much more
profitable organization.

@19:23 - Logan Currie

That's one angle. I like it.

@19:26 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

It's a very coldly MBA angle. But in a sense, it's better for the world,
right? What would be ideal for the world is like one mega recruiter that
represented them in a personalized way.

So in a sense, like, it's also more representative of what we know AI
can actually achieve, right? Given what we just discussed about, it's
like, overall implementation difficulty, something that is mediated by
humans is probably still going to be more effective.

I don't know. I don't don't know. don't don't But I think we I
legitimately think we could raise money off of just that, that we have a
technology, we can show that.

I think what we just need to demonstrate is that we have the tech to
back that up, right? This case study will go a long way, but I'm
wondering if experimenting with that narrative and just throwing a YOLO
at Go Ahead Ventures or trying to sound that out might be interesting.

Or actually, I would want to give a more high probability attempt for Go
Ahead Ventures. But yeah, I'm just wondering like what, this could be a
way to like, sell the company.

@20:41 - Logan Currie

But like, for argument's sake, because the issue with going
institutional money is that they will expect like 10x returns, right?

Like, that's, at this point in time, that's not the smartest move is
what I would say, like, in terms of literal...

Like, if we wanted to, if we're an exit within a year, right, if we're
an exit within a year, no, it's a very bad idea.

Right? Because it's like, that's right. So like, I'm the, well, I don't
know what to tell you, Logan, the heart wants what the heart wants, the
heart wants a billion dollars.

But no, I see your point. I get it. So that is one. And I'm not actually
like, let's like, follow that through.

I want to do research around that and like, kind of like, wrap my head
around it. But it's like, That I think is like door B, right?

Door C is. So like, door C would be, what do we have? Or what could we
kind of like, really nail in terms of specific tech that is needed in
the market that would essentially be worth buying?

Because a company is trying to like win a market or win an area that
would Take too long to like develop or whatever.

Like, so what do we have?

@22:06 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

think it's, it's either the tech or the distribution.

@22:08 - Logan Currie

Precisely, precisely. So it's like. It's the tech or the distribution.

@22:12 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

And I think the tech is, we have incredible tech. The thing is tech is
harder to make a objective case for.

Distribution is easier to make an objective case for. If we just, like,
I'm almost pitching to you, saying to, I'm just going to come out right
and say, saying to communities, basically do a one-year lock-in with us
or a six-month lock-in.

it, right? A six-month lock-in with us and get us embedded in your
companies. And on this timeline, we will start delivering roles to you,
right?

And we do that. Maybe we lose FOHE, but whatever, right? We, we, we get,
we get a few communities on board with that.

Using those communities, we essentially. We make the case to someone
that like, we have a brand, we have X many communities in the pipeline,
we have Y communities onboarded, they represent X hundred thousand folks
reach, right?

So what we're essentially, I'm saying the strongest, what is in our
control, your and my control and playing to our strengths is our
relationships and our networks, right?

So even if we, in a highly informal LOI or word of mouth way, have a
dozen logos of communities on our website, I think being able to go to
any, go to Teal, it, go straight to like David Fano via your friend, or
like my contacts at Flybridge and essentially just say, hey, buy us,
right?

Like we have distribution, like that would be the easiest thing in the
world versus tech where like, it would be a your word against my word
and we would have to trot out Ilsa and I

I also think that, like, when all is said and done, we want the story to
be told that it was our edge that, like, got everything out.

So I think for that reason as well, I'm, like, more keen on a pathway
that involves, like, just being able to say, like, we already have a
spire, right?

So theoretically, we can say we have contracts where we have, like, a,
we have a, like, superset of, like, 50,000, 70,000 users, right?

@24:29 - Logan Currie

But, like, if you follow that to the logical conclusion, who's going to
buy that?

@24:34 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I think who will buy that is any company that wants to, so, like, the
potential buyers would be a recruiting firm would just buy the data,
theoretically, all the way to, like, a future fit would buy that tech
to, like, actually implement.

Or someone else could, we could even .

@24:54 - Logan Currie

You just said tech. So they would buy the tech.

@24:57 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

They would buy the tech, but they would buy the, it's the. Intersect.
It's the fact that the tech is already embedded in these places, right?

Because the hurdle, if the market hurdle for any new entrepreneur is
establishing the relationships to have that distribution and having a
product that gets excess data from those cohorts, right?

And I think that's how we frame it is in terms of like, excess data,
like in an AI world, you want like, unique, you know, coveted data on
your users that you that that is like, solely yours, and that can be
like leverage for better monetization, right?

So I think we could like privately make a more craven case than we do
publicly. But like, I think regardless, it's not like we're going to be
selling it to like, you know, Cambridge Analytica, like we would be
selling it to another work tech company, or like a workday or something,
you know?

Right.

@25:55 - Logan Currie

But like, workday doesn't need more people is what I would say, like,
I'm just saying, I mean,

@26:00 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Again, I think that I think if we're selling to a I guess what it seems
like is if we're selling to a company that's bigger than us, in the ATS
HR space, it'll probably be for the tech.

If we're selling to a more consumer or like future like future worky
company that's trying to do something different.

If it's on the hiring side, it'll be distribution. If it is on the HR
tech side, it will be the tech, right?

@26:28 - Logan Currie

So if you, so basically what I want to do, I don't know if you can come
up to Boston next week or we can, I can.

Yeah. Cause I think like, let's get to the iLab and like map this out.
Yes. What I would say, because like, if it's category, like a, it's a
work tech company or an HR tech company, because we need the deep
pockets.

We need it at least like, we need a floor at which we would sell, right?
Like what is the absolute minimum?

And then we can do the math on like, okay, what would this look like?
And then. Because like, Teal doesn't have enough money to buy us.

@27:04 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, well, so luckily, with our investors, because they've essentially
invested flat, like everyone's on like common stock, we don't have any
sort of complicated preferred math, which basically just means we need
to pull out more money than we put in, right?

@27:24 - Logan Currie

So ideally, we need to like, sell for two mil, two mil to three mil is
what we need to sell So then it's like, okay, if that's the floor, but
then like, let's say, okay, at this point, your distribution would be
like, if we sold it for five mil, it's like, you get 1.5 million, which
like, you know what I mean?

So it's like, and then like, whatever, everybody gets a piece of the
pie. So then you just do that math.

And then you're like, cool. Okay. So then you work backwards and like,
okay, where are the companies? We just do an entire ecosystem mapping of
these are all the companies that want us for this piece.

And so then. We essentially say, what are our proof points around what
that is? smart, smart. So then it's like, okay, well, let's say that,
like I did this exercise with Claude like a week and a half ago when I
was kind of trying to think through this of like, you know, what is it
that we have that could be either unique on the tech side?

Because like right now, and like who would want what we have, right? So
then you like, how would this slot in?

What would that look like? meaning in all likelihood, we would need
either like an SDK or an API where it's like, they can call to our
system that it's just like slots in, but it gives them an unnatural
advantage.

So we're essentially doing competitive research on behalf of the company
that we want to sell to. You see what I mean?

So it's like, this is the reason that you need us in order to do A, B,
and C or whatever it looks like.

So then, then it could be tech for some people, or it could be
distribution for other people. But meanwhile, we are working.

Taking both of those angles to, like, you see what I mean? So we have
Ilsa building towards XYZ. Right.

Making sure that all of the due diligence is in the right place. We've
got the data room, we've got the thing.

And then you and I are on the phone. You know what I mean? Yeah.

@29:19 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

The other way to think about it, if we don't want to put in a bunch of
money, is to essentially say, what is the state that we can get the
product, at which point we drop everyone and just have a shell that we
can sell and give people the money that they were promised.

And we say, hey, we will like sell this and get you back. And like, we
set you free, essentially.

@29:42 - Logan Currie

Right. Exactly. I do not think we need Rockwell right now.

@29:47 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, we don't need Rockwell right now. And theoretically, if we don't
want to put more money into the engine, we don't need anyone right now.

Right. But maybe Ilsa on the tech side. Ilsa part time. Yeah. So I think
I think here's, realistically, here's I think what needs to get done.

I think we need to keep our promises to the team. And so I'm going to
speak to the folks and I'm essentially going to tell them, look, we are
going to try to sell the company.

We want you guys to pay the team as much of the team as you can from
here from India.

Yep. And we will take the money in the US and run that as long as we
can.

@30:28 - Logan Currie

That gets us a few more months. We're going to aim for a sell.

@30:31 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

We're going to aim for a $5 million sort of like sale, right? Or we'll
aim to like, make 5 million out of it somehow.

Right? Is effective. Yeah, like some of the some of the acquisitions.

@30:46 - Logan Currie

So the reason I want to talk to the reason I think there's a case for
the tech side is there's a ton happening on the on the background check
and verification side, which I genuinely think like Ilsa has been
testing some of

This in terms of the consistency across resume to interview transcripts,
she says she can do that, like, she can start doing with that, but she's
starting with stories, basically, but like, that, like one company that
I looked into, Checker, I think, just bought some other company for
like, $2 billion.

Like, there's a bunch of the market in that, as you can imagine, like
that.

@31:24 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

have any connections to the guy at Tofu? I think I have some connections
to him.

@31:28 - Logan Currie

So this is essentially, maybe you can come up, let's look at our
calendar for next week, but it's like, if we war game this, um, yeah,
let's do it.

I don't have anything, like, Monday, Tuesday, really. Anyway, my week's
pretty free. Thursday, I have like a fo-hee thing.

Oh, wait, I have a dinner Monday night. But, um, then I could probably
get you on the list too, you want, but like, yeah, um, anyway, like,
next week, I have, um, Oh, I have, uh, that magic at tech.

@32:02 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Panel. Speakers.

@32:05 - Logan Currie

Oh, that's the speaker sync.

@32:06 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I have to be back on Thursday because Bright Ventures has a whole all
day thing.

@32:11 - Logan Currie

Oh, nice. Yeah. That one's going to be really good to go to. So maybe
you come up on either Monday or Tuesday, whichever one you want.

Yeah. And then, but essentially, I think we can, I think we can really
war game this scenario. And like, this is also a great use of our
networks, because it's essentially, between the two of us, we know
everybody at these companies.

Yeah. Like, and so then it's, okay, this is the piece. And so I think
then it's like, because I did a little bit of back of the table math,
basically.

And it's like, if we can get a $5 million sale, that's like 1.3 for you.
And as soon as you can just give the money back to the investors, like,
you know, whatever.

@32:53 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, that's whatever.

@32:55 - Logan Currie

And then I think it's like 400k for Ilsa, which she would really, that's
her house in Madeira, basically. I think if we dangle that, and we're
like, listen, this would be your payout.

It's what, like, maybe 600K or something like that. Yeah. Whatever.
Like, it's enough that you're like, okay, we've got an exit.

Yeah. And we can sell that all day long. And then, like, we can do
whatever the we want with that.

Like, that's your ticket. That's my ticket. That's everybody's ticket to
something at the next where it's like, okay, I think we've said this so
many times.

I'm game with this plan. Yeah. I'm so , I'm down with it.

@33:32 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Because, like, we've, we've gotten very deep along a particular path.
And, like, I believe that we can make it work.

But also, getting a reset will be nice. a reset.

@33:43 - Logan Currie

It'd be essentially like, listen, we can do this. If we wanted to solve
this exact same problem. We could try again.

Yeah. Try again. Like, I don't, like, you know what I mean? Where it's
like, and then we can do it in a way.

We've learned so much. I feel like if we just, like, looked back at all
the things that we have done, we would be like, oh,

No, you don't do that. You do this. Yeah, totally.

@34:03 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Like a good year and a half we could have gotten back just from like
100%.

@34:08 - Logan Currie

And so then it's like, okay, like, and then you and I would both have,
and Ilsa as well, like, we would have the personal runway to essentially
network and all that.

Like work on whatever it is that we want to work on next and then get
the money.

@34:22 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

so much easier being an exited founder. No, I'm game.

@34:25 - Logan Currie

Let's do it. Okay, cool. I'm really relieved because it's been like
sitting on my head for the last like two weeks where I'm just like, I
feel like we, it's a little bit of a get out of jail free card, but I
kind of want to get out of jail free card.

@34:39 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, no, now is the perfect time. If we wait for later, someone else
can take our edge. Like I basically say, it.

I honestly say we say whatever we need to say to get the momentum on our
side to sell by the start of the year.

Like, let's just get the out of Dodge.

@34:57 - Logan Currie

Let's run this. We get some money. Money. We get an exit. Career Span is
sold. Yeah. We can take a vacation, like a real vacation, dude.

Like, seriously, like a week is not enough. Like, like, we'll go to Bali
and we'll drink on the beach for a month, something like that.

@35:17 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, that'll be nice. I'm totally game. I think, I think this is the, I
think this is the, I think this is the best way to make the most of what
we've gotten so far.

I think here's, here's what we do. I say we like, yeah, we basically
just, I think we can, I think here's what we do.

We, if we're just trying to sell, then our revenue kind of means
nothing.

@35:47 - Logan Currie

Very true.

@35:50 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

So, then I would say we should put literally every ounce, this is, this
is what I was trying to get to.

If revenue means nothing, then the only thing we index on is the The
tech and the distribution. And the way to evidence the tech is to have a
large number of people on it, using it, pumping data through it.

So effectively, if we just go to, we go to these communities, we spin
them a yarn about how we're setting up this big system.

There's going to be like over a million, we're working towards a million
people on CareerSpan. It's going to be the biggest talent network in the
world, blah, blah, blah.

You want to be on it. Sell them this big thing, get people on it. We
have, we tell them, hey, we're only onboarding like X many users at a
time.

Like we create hype and stuff around it. And we just put basically all
of our money and time around getting to that, like as close to that 1
million figure by the end of the year.

And then we just sell, right? Because I think that is where within this,
we don't have the Gen Z swagger to pull off distribution at a clearly
scale, but we do have the ability to be.

Cool to HR, right? So I think we basically just big social media game,
really loud, really obnoxious, making revenue.

Let's just make noise and sell by the end of the year.

@37:22 - Logan Currie

I want to think through I completely I'm on board with that because that
costs us nothing. So like, uh, like, absolutely.

I do want to think because we what is the thing we have going for us?

@37:32 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Dude, people are coming back to our . We actually do have the irony is
we have an amazing product.

We have we've somehow built an incredible product. I think that bigger
numbers going through the system will make people's eyes pop out.

So let's just increase the throughput. And worst case scenario, if
needed, we can like, get rid of everyone get Ilsa to reprogram this to

Workoff of Gemini, which is cheaper. And essentially just take the free
Google credits that we're getting, which we have up to 50,000 credits in
Google, like free AI credits.

So if at some point, we just need a month where we're just like, pumping
the like jobs through the system and like making everything look
amazing.

it, we can do that too.

@38:24 - Logan Currie

Hmm. I think this sets us up well. I do. I am. I think we can get more
than 5 million.

Yeah. It's tech. I'm just throwing that out there that like the I think
people will pay for distribution. But I also think that if I don't I
think we don't have to have it be either.

think. So I think your point. Yeah. of tech and distribution, then like
it gives us more optionality and it gets more potential money.

So I'm just going to throw that out there that it's like if Ilsa could
come up with something because she she is the secret weapon in this.

So like if she's on the next factor, he she can actually build. If we
tell her that this is going to get us X value, we're going to be able to
sell for more if we have this, she will get us there.

You know what I mean? So my open question is if we need Dani part-time
or not to help supplement her.

I don't think that we do, but I think we can run that by her. I think we
can run that by her.

@39:27 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I think the main thing is to reassure the team that we're not going to
leave them hanging high and dry.

So let's do this. Let me come to Boston ASAP. Let's get synchronized on
this. Let's go to the team and essentially say, look, this is what's up.

Like this is the guaranteed amount that we've done the math. This is how
much we guarantee payout.

@39:48 - Logan Currie

This is how long we're going to pay you.

@39:49 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

This is what we're working towards. We're working towards a sale. All we
need is Dani part-time and Ilsa. So this is your like X month notice,
right?

And we just dedicate the rest of the fund. To making sure that like the
rest of the team has runway.

And we essentially tell Ilsa, hey, we will find a way to like keep you
paid. Yeah. And work towards like a big moonshot tech thing with us that
we can use as a demonstrator to sell to our network.

Yep.

@40:17 - Logan Currie

Yep. Absolutely.

@40:20 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

And then at the same time, it costs us literally nothing to put the
product in communities, right? Yeah, yeah, I think that is a good.

@40:28 - Logan Currie

Yeah, that's a good run. I think that gets us. Yeah, that gets us
places. The X factor here is I also have a meeting with that head of HBS
Tuesday.

Like, I do think depending on like, depending on how it goes or what
they say, mean, it's slow moving, but like, that that could help one way
or the other.

a good run. That would be huge.

@41:02 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I think that would be massive, right? And if we especially if we like,
unburden ourselves, and just think of it in terms of like, look, let's
just be like, tech scumbags that want to like sell at the highest
valuation.

What gets us the highest valuation is being able to say, we have a
synthetic pool of candidates that you will not get anywhere, certainly
won't on LinkedIn.

We have data on them that you won't get anywhere. We have a trust with
them and a brand with them that you won't get anywhere else.

Like all of a sudden, we're talking like $10 million exit, as opposed to
like, you know, like, I think if we really, I think if we hit this
again, if we put social game, social game, showmanship, and like large
numbers of growth in the next three, four months, I think sets us up for
a January sale.

@41:54 - Logan Currie

Yeah. Right?

@41:57 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Because at that, at that point, like, we're not really spending much on
the company, you In Beyond Andrew's Good Graces for a while, I have Bank
of Attawar, we really just need to pay ILSA, and we tell everyone, hey,
we're selling, we're selling at the start of the year, this is all going
to be over, right?

ACTION ITEM: Come to Boston Mon-Wed for CareerSpan sale strategy mtg.
Book Amtrak tix. - WATCH

@42:12 - Logan Currie

Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Cool.

@42:21 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, I'm totally fine with this. Okay, let's do it.

@42:25 - Logan Currie

Let's do it. Okay, so you come up.

@42:28 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Let me know what's a good, let me know what's a good day. I can, I have
to spend some time with Amanda this weekend, so let me coordinate with
her, but I can be up as early as, like, Sunday night or Monday.

Why don't you come up Monday?

ACTION ITEM: Research potential acquirers w/ deep pockets. Prep
ecosystem map for Mon mtg. - WATCH

@42:40 - Logan Currie

Yeah. Come up Monday. Yep. We will, we have the iLab with all the
whiteboards in the world, we can essentially, uh, wargame this out.

What I want you to do, I think, I'll send you some research that I did,
like, again. Please, yeah.

was while ago, but, like, if you map it out, I just, I do want to, like,
I don't think that just

Distribution will hurt us because I think it will help like overall
prove our clout in a way. You know what I mean?

I don't think that that's, I completely agree with that process. What I
would say is like, let's look at who has the deepest pockets.

And I suspect that the distribution won't matter quite as much to the
people with the deepest pockets. see your point.

Yeah. Highest urgency. Does that make sense? So it's like for the
companies that are like, we are pedal to the metal and we've got the
money in the bank to roll people up into our thing.

They're not going to care as much about how many people are on our
platform. But that's not to say that we can't divide and conquer.

Yes. And to and the user base to team B and then the tech to team A.
Smart. Yeah. I think it can be a little bit of have our cake and eat it
too.

to do. Yeah. Um, but yeah. And then the, I did some like research with
perplexity and GPT on like what we would need for this to happen.

And it will be pretty significant in terms of readying ourselves for a
sale. like, yeah, the diligence process is pretty significant in any of
these scenarios.

So like the, like, so running people through the system is, is there,
but like, we will need to be able to prove out like, you know, prove out
what that looks like.

from a, uh, dad, like the data room needs to be like spotless basically.
But if we have all of that, like, then the due diligence process for an
acquisition is not as it won't take as long.

@44:46 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I mean, the lucky, the good thing is finances are largely in order. We
need to record a couple of things, but like, haven't done any
embezzling.

Not that I could tell. So I think the finances are good. We've basically
only said, and we haven't spent any dumb money.

Yeah. So I think finances are good. In terms of paperwork, got it back
from Surhee, got it back from Brady, got it back from Crystal.

I'm sure the lawyers will have some more tidying up that they'll want to
do with them later. But given that we all left on positive terms, I
think it should be fine.

So equity is squared up. The only investors we have to worry about, I
have an in with. So luckily, we're good.

@45:28 - Logan Currie

So there's going to be no issues there.

@45:31 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, think genuinely the and the good thing is from a sale perspective,
they're just taking it over, right? So they don't give a who stays on
the cap table.

So there's like, they're just like, as long as it's clean, and no one's
gonna bother me, I'm fine.

@45:45 - Logan Currie

Yeah, so I mean, the because I did the math on Aquahire and not that
Ilsa would even like, I don't even think necessarily want.

Yeah. But like, Ilsa, Ilsa, don't think would agree with it. And it
completely up. Like it basically. It's not what we want, basically.

We want to be an asset purchase.

@46:11 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Which unfortunately makes tech harder, for the record. But I do feel
you. We want to go with the best of everything we have, right?

@46:21 - Logan Currie

Yeah, yeah. And Ilsa is very, Ilsa is very house motivated, I think.
Genuinely, I think if we pick out a house.

Yeah. Like. Tell us how much that is, and tell us how much it is, and
we'll convert from there to your share.

ACTION ITEM: Review Ilsa's contract. Locate conversational tech
carve-out clause. Prep for discussion. - WATCH

a long way towards ensuring that she's on board to build whatever we
need to build. And so I do think, and she is our.

@46:48 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Ace in the hole. Ace in the hole.

@46:50 - Logan Currie

She's a literal genius. Like, I think the thing that she did say, we
need to look back on what the terminology is in terms of.

Conversational that she brought over from One Roof.

@47:08 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

There was some kind of carve out clause in her original contract for-
believe it basically says that she just gets to use that, she gets to
use the conversational tech for One Roof specifically.

And then she had like agreed on a rate to like buy it from her and her
like collaborators, which we can basically just say, hey, if she's fine
with that rate, we can just throw that rate on top of things.

That's exactly what it would be, I think.

@47:35 - Logan Currie

we would just want to have that like clear- In writing. So let's just
have, I don't, I don't, I was, I don't have, I haven't gone back to look
for it, but like, let's make sure that that, that would be the only,
like, kind of thing that could duck us over, I think.

Yeah, we want to decide that fair market value before we sell.

@47:53 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Exactly.

@47:54 - Logan Currie

Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah.

@47:56 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

We'll make a note, yeah, this will make a note to, uh, to settle that
with those, uh, that's. Important action item.

@48:02 - Logan Currie

And then essentially we make a plan for like the tech requirements and
she tells us if we'll need, she'll need Danny for that.

Yep.

@48:15 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Sounds good. But we basically don't need Rahul for better or for worse.

@48:18 - Logan Currie

Not that I wish any ill upon her, but like we don't need to be working
on product right now.

don't think. Yeah.

@48:25 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah. I think let's, let's hash this out together and then let's present
it to the team end of next week.

@48:30 - Logan Currie

Yeah. think that's a good thing.

@48:32 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

And do it in a concrete way. Yeah. Because I also don't want folks to
feel like we're sweeping the rug from underneath their No, totally.

@48:39 - Logan Currie

Yeah. I don't think like, and again, to me, this is not, the good thing
about doing this right now is that we still have time to be very
strategic about this.

This is not like a fire sale. This is a strategic move. And it's a smart
thing to do, I think, because we have the time, we have the ability to
pick and choose the type.

The deal that we want to take. Yeah.

@49:04 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Yeah, absolutely. Should I? Yeah. Okay. I agree. Let me book my
Amtrak-a-roo for Monday through to Wednesday, and then we'll go from
there.

All right, dude.

@49:19 - Logan Currie

Well, this has been a monumental discussion. Yeah. Yeah.

@49:22 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

seriously. I'm going to go rest my jaw and my brain for a little bit.

ACTION ITEM: Contact Joe Burgess re: advice on company sale
process/strategy - WATCH

@49:25 - Logan Currie

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But do some, get Zoe in deep research on
this because I do, like, I'm excited to kind of break down.

@49:35 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

And let's talk to some, like, Joe and a couple of other folks that have
done sales.

@49:39 - Logan Currie

If I can get Joe on the cal. Okay, cool.

@49:41 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

That would be awesome. Quick heads up. The Jennifer Ives thing is during
one of the Bright Sessions, Bright Ventures Sessions.

She's a big deal. Don't move her or can we move her? Yeah.

@49:56 - Logan Currie

I'll figure it out. Yeah.

@49:58 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

Because this is not a most essential. This is great wealth transfer
harnessing. The economic and social power of the next generation.

It's just a session. So I can just sneak away and put on headphones and
record. I think she might be worth it.

@50:12 - Logan Currie

Again, on my list, in terms of publicity and in terms of what you said
around just getting more people into the ecosystem, I will get some of
these episodes out.

Sounds good. Okay, cool. All right. Well, let's sell a company. Let's
sell a company.

@50:28 - Vrijen Attawar (mycareerspan.com)

I'm game. All right. Cool.

@50:30 - Logan Currie

See you on the beach in Bali. All right.
