[Speaker 1]
Okay, so. Let's do this. Let's think let's use the old Noggin power. In all my experiences to say Pierre. What were the problems? The problems.

I couldn't just tell her to do something for me. Well, they kind of can now. Right, they can kind of. Create a shell. And create a workflow, right? But the question is, how does that workflow intersect right, and how does that workflow intersect and create? A coherent. As far as the productivities because? Trying to solve individual workflows? And expecting to do well is like trying to. Learn how to? Is like practicing every individual component of a sport, like hitting the ball kicking the ball, but never actually playing a game. Right, or expecting that learning those individual things means that when it comes down to it, all of the parts will function correctly. Right, and I guess what I'm trying to say is that there is a? Gestalt, right? That is greater than the? Some of its parts.

You know? It's a. It's a thing that's greater than the sum of its parts.

Like, why do people struggle to set up my notion, right? Well. Actually, that's a concern to be taken care of. So, let's reflect on that real quick. Why did people struggle to take Divine notion, right? The only person I ever set up was Amanda. Now, why is that? Well, it's because notion. You can. So, even my per my earlier point, I'm wrong. It's not just the system, it's not just the workflows. It is the.

Reduction of cognitive labor. So, if you were to plot on a graph? With, like? Cognitive labor. Spent and cognitive labor saved. There are Peaks and valleys that are unclear. As far as.

At this point of cognitive labor. I only saved this much, but at this much, I only saved this much right, and the fact of the battery is. There's actually many different situations. So to to turn this into something tangible. If. It's, it's the. So, to break these down components, the time that it takes to set up the system. The time it takes to Croc, the system, and or the time it takes to crack the system. So, it's basically coming to grips with the system. Then, there is the.

I would say of, like, adapting the system to your needs. And then there is the maintenance right now. The problem is that we all we all I say, we all, I mean, me.

[Speaker 2]
Anything to

[Speaker 1]
Go out and say, yes, this is going to change everything you go out. Spend a ton of money. Have we spend a good spend a ton of money, time, energy behind that thing, and then eventually gets thrown to the Wayside, right. Why is that? Keep going back to. Why is that? Why is the individual workflows don't work well, because individual workflows are just? Single transformation, right? And depending on the single transformation you do, it can be quite helpful, right? So something that just generates AI meeting results for you? Is quite helpful. It's just able to spit that out, right? That's perfect. That's like a low amount of cognitive effort, High reward. Great. What if we did. What if we wanted more out of the system, right? So, like, a low level task, or like a one or two or three step task like this done easily perfect? Well, now you have a meeting minute right. And let's say you have 100 meetings over a month, right? And let's say.

Learn a lot of different things. Now, what has happened is at the one meeting scale. It's not much. But. 100 meeting scale, developing a system where you can, because a lot of this is only possible with. The stuff you can do regularly. So, what you want a system is with you want a system with enough background complexity that it lets you do the bare minimum that you need to? Right. It is essentially going to compensate, right, because if I have to develop a discipline to review something a hundred times, right? I wouldn't choose meeting minutes, right? I wouldn't choose meeting minutes because not every meeting needs to be reviewed. Not every meeting needs to be remembered. Not every meeting needs to, in other words.

A, you know, T equals zero. You know, you need dimensional sort of perspective. Yes, all I needed was meeting notes. I got meeting notes. In reality, what you need? Is a? Comprehensive system that flows data from one place to another so that information pools don't appear. I've been making this point about, like it's about context, and it's about State, and I think I still need to develop those analogies a little bit, but it is like. I found his life is worth. Now to answer something right, which may or may not involve remembering things that other people have agreed to or other people have done. Or, you know, staying synchronized, like all of those things, are fucking essential. Are not set up. Right, so information pools information gets stale, uh? Get lost. You know of just a whole slew of? Unfortunate, uncomfortable things start to happen. As a result of this. Right is, I guess what, I'm saying. So?

In essence.

Well, fuck. I lost my train of thought.

Right, so information pools information gets lost, information gets stale, and so essentially because we're so overloaded with information. Nowadays, it is actually not about capturing information.

[Speaker 3]
But.

[Speaker 1]
It's not just about capturing information, but it is about.

It is about the flow of it's like the flow of energy, right. Like, you want to flow information in. Places that it wants to go and move it out of places where it gets pooled up and. You want to just like?

[Speaker 2]
Sort of

[Speaker 1]
A water system when stuff pools and goes stale, and it go it rots, right? So, we want movement through the system through the dynamic flow of information, and the problem is that?

Like? If I have to remember what every fucking block on every fucking workflow does?

Or even if not that even if I just want to create a more complex workflow, that's that's composed of other sub workflows. How am I supposed to do that? Right, that's much harder if I want to make change in one part of the workflow. All of a sudden have to make changes. In multiple different, you know, load up multiple different workflows, make multiple changes. I can't just ask so to, you know, I can't add zapier to programmatically make changes to every single.

Of my workflows, right? It also? Now, I've created the ability to emulate this, and so, because zocat natively do it that well, either. But zapier certainly can't ingest the totality of all of your flows and help you create new connections and new improvements right. And so, in essence.

My view of things as far as Zoe is concerned is that it is the.

In essence.

Right, like Zoe can make Mass changes, so Zoe scales better. Those. If Zoe is structured correctly at a correct base layer is applied, so scales better than any other system.

Right. Those scales, because though can make Mass changes across the whole system, you know, it can intelligently develop new workflows just on a command. Once you set up a? Infrastructure basis. I mean, this is essentially the equivalent of. Like, analogously, Zoe is for non-technical Founders. I don't know, like a IDE, must have been to like original Engineers, right, because they essentially are able to.

Use this thing to provide a scaffolded way to build a product right. You don't have to write that shit out an assembly. You can just have it do a lot of the crossing of the eyes and dotting of the t's and structuring of the flows yourself. Um, so that's another sort of reason.

But yeah, I think I think. It's a combination of these factors where, like. It both has to do with the complexity of the system that you can maintain and have scalably. You can. Adapt a large-scale system because the larger system gets on zapier. The harder it would be to adapt, right, just by virtue of a yzwig sort of drag and drop format. So, unless they have? The ability to make Mass changes to, you know, multiple workflows at a time. There's no way zapier can really compete with. Um, so? Uh, same with any of these other tools, right? Even a sauna or something. What they essentially do, is they trade off?

Open-Ended possibility.

Guard for design and ux guard rails that severely? Inhibit. The ability to do, especially cool or interconnected, shit. Right, but that's what this product allows for.

So, yeah, I essentially want to. I've been mulling over these points is to help the Zoe team do their go to market and their messaging, and then also help me develop my own talking points for my. Consulting business. Uh, where I'm going to do custom implementations of Zo four VCS and for Founders.