[Speaker 1]
People say might makes right, but I actually reckon that it's, um.

Yeah, the talent. Makes things possible, and to the extent that you have. Sufficient talent and effort. Define defined how sort of the catch-all capacity for doing? Or the potential? For doing something. And hard work is what it takes to. Realize and? You know, sort of? Realize that potential, and then turn that into something meaningful in the world.

Then, yeah, I would say, broadly speaking. Um.

Yeah, I would say, broadly speaking.

Talent is. Once I explained to Madison yesterday, sort of explaining the idea that like?

Talent in the world. You almost encounter the world unafraid, right? You can take your optimistic bent when you have enough talent and you're able to realize change in the world is very easy to think. Oh, that's possible for everyone, but without being a dick about it. Everyone has the talent to do what they want right, and some people are also just greedy.

Some people want something beyond what their talents can help them achieve in the world, right, and either of those situations where you're sort of talent deficit is, um. Is causing you to have goals or Ambitions that exceed the level of talent that can sustain them. You essentially have folks cutting quarters, right?

You have folks you have sort of realizing, hey, if I. You know, engage in antisocial behavior or exhibit antisocial traits. I can essentially get margin in the system, right? Because if, if there are two conventional inputs into the system sort of hard work and talent. You can sort of extract more from the engine if you throw in, you know, some sort of antisocial behavior?

You know if you cheat if you steal? These are all things that compensate for the talent Gap by helping you sort of do that, but how great is the talent Gap that some folks don't need to do that, right? Some folks can succeed by just kicking so much goddamn ass that, you know.

Their objectives fall in front of them. But I think that is where? This idea sort of comes from for me is, you know, it's a.

It's a serious Talent Gap that.

I don't know. I think this town Gap idea is essentially me saying, like, yeah, there's.

Like explaining worldwide. Why folks, you know, believe in stuff like survivorship bias, you know, I think intelligence is too. The problem is when we view it as just intelligence, we ignore all the other things that make people great, right, and give them the capacity for greatness, right? The talent for art and the desire to thrive and be the world's greatest artists can be achieved through anti-social or pro-social means, and to the extent that the more Talent you have, the less Reliant you are pro-social means, but also the Temptation is.

The more antisocial means can can. So, get out of you, right? The more talented you are lying that provides a buff to an already buffed capability, which is lying. So?

I suspect, what life is, is essentially an execution of pro-social and anti-social tactics in pursuit of what you want?

As a way of sort of maximizing or compensating for your excess or deficit of talent and hard work that you're willing to apply at any given point in time. Um. That feels like a pretty coherent worldview.